( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://www.toutiao.com/privacy_protection/?wid=1623265894746 )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used:
https://sf3-hscdn-tos.pstatp.com/obj/ies-hotsoon-draft/toutiaoGIP/yingyongquanxian.html
https://sf1-hscdn-tos.pstatp.com/obj/ies-hotsoon-draft/toutiaoGIP/SDKmulu.html
https://sf1-hscdn-tos.pstatp.com/obj/ies-hotsoon-draft/toutiaoGIP/SDKmulu.html
https://sf6-draftcdn-tos.pstatp.com/obj/ies-hotsoon-draft/toutiaoGIP/ad.html
https://sf1-draftcdn-tos.pstatp.com/obj/ies-hotsoon-draft/toutiaoGIP/Personal_information_management.html
https://i.snssdk.com/rogue/tt_cancellaction_agreement/index.html
)

Toutiao Privacy Policy
Update date: December 31, 2020
Effective date: January 07, 2021
Today Toutiao (referred to as "we") knows the importance of personal information to you and your trust is very important to us. We will protect your personal information and privacy in accordance with laws and regulations and with reference to industry best practices . We have formulated this "Privacy Policy" with a special reminder: I hope you read and understand this privacy policy carefully before using Toutiao and related services in order to make appropriate choices.
This privacy policy will help you understand:
We will collect and use your information in accordance with the privacy policy, but we will not collect personal information in a mandatory bundle just because you agree to this privacy policy.
When you use or turn on relevant functions or use services, we will collect and use relevant information in order to realize the functions and services necessary. Unless it is necessary to achieve basic business functions or in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, you can refuse to provide without affecting other functions or services. We will explain what is necessary information item by item in the privacy policy.
If you are not logged in to your account, we will use the identifier information corresponding to the device to ensure the basic functions of information push. If you log in to your account, we will push information based on your account information.
The precise geographic location, camera, microphone, album (storage) , address book, and calendar permissions will not be turned on by default. Only after your express authorization will they be used for specific functions or services, and you can also withdraw your authorization. In particular, we need to point out that even if we have obtained these sensitive permissions with your authorization, we will not collect your information when the relevant functions or services are not needed. ( Apply for operating system permission list )
This privacy policy applies to Toutiao service providers using Toutiao applications, Toutiao webpages, applets, Toutiao software development kits (SDK) and application programming interfaces (APIs) for third-party websites and applications, as well as accompanying software. Products and services provided to you with innovative forms and methods emerging from technological development. If you use one or several services provided to you by us or an affiliated company that has its own privacy policy, the corresponding privacy policy shall apply to the corresponding service or product; if no independent privacy policy is established, this policy also applies For this part of the product or service.
The following will help you understand in detail how we collect, use, store, transmit, share, transfer (if applicable) and protect personal information; help you understand the ways to query, access, delete, correct, and withdraw authorized personal information. This policy is closely related to your use of our services. We recommend that you carefully read and understand all the content of this policy, and make the choices you think are appropriate. We have indicated the important content of the terms and conditions of your personal information rights in bold, please pay special attention .
1. How we collect and use personal information
2. How do we use similar technologies such as cookies
3. How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose personal information
4. How do we store personal information
5. How do we protect the security of personal information
6. Manage your personal information
7. Terms of use for minors
8. Revision and notice of privacy policy
9. Contact us
1. How we collect and use personal information
We will collect information that you proactively provide when you use the service in the following ways, and collect information generated during your use of the function or the process of receiving the service through automated means:
1.1 Register, log in, authenticate, retrieve
1.1.1 Register and log in
a. When you register and log in to Toutiao and related services, you can create an account through your mobile phone number, and you can complete the relevant network identification information (avatar, nickname, password). This information is collected to help you complete the registration. You can also choose to fill in gender, birthday, region, and personal introduction according to your own needs to complete your information.
When you visit our apps or webpages, although you can browse and search anonymously, you need to register as a platform user before you can use publishing, commenting and other user services.
b. You can also use a third-party account to log in and use. You will authorize us to obtain your public information (avatar, nickname, and other information authorized by you) registered on the third-party platform, which will be used to bind the Toutiao account to enable you You can log in and use this product and related services directly, and we will use your relevant information within the scope of your authorization. In addition, we may share your account information (avatar, nickname, and other information prompted on the page) with a third party after your consent, so that you can facilitate the registration of a third-party account or the login of a third-party account.
c. Based on our cooperation with communication operators, when you use the "one-click login" function of Toutiao, after your express consent, the operator will send us your mobile phone number so that we can provide you with fast login service . You can also choose to manually fill in your mobile phone number to complete the registration or login.
d. The account you registered can use or log in to the products of related parties such as Watermelon Video, Toutiao Encyclopedia, and Understanding Car Di, and obtain related services or use related functions.
1.1.2 Certification
When you use identity authentication functions or services, according to relevant laws and regulations, you may need to provide your real identity information (real name, ID number, phone number) to complete the real-name verification, especially and necessary based on security considerations. In order to ensure that we provide services to you, we may perform verification based on the information you provide, and will verify your identity by means of "face recognition". This information is personal sensitive information, you can refuse to provide it, but you may not be able to obtain related services, but it does not affect the normal use of other functions and services.
1.1.3 Retrieve account
You can retrieve your account through the account retrieval function. To ensure the security of your account, we may need you to fill in relevant information for verification when retrieving your account. If necessary, you may pass real-name verification and face recognition. Etc. to verify your identity.
1.2 Information browsing
1.2.1 Toutiao today may recommend more interesting information to you. In order to achieve this function, we may collect necessary log information.
1.2.2 The log information used for information display includes:
a. Behavior information you operate and use: click, follow, favorite, search , query, browse, download, share, trade
b. Information you actively provide: feedback, release, like, comment , edit, gender, birthday, region, introduction
c. Geographical location information: GPS information, WLAN access point, Bluetooth, base station and other sensor information
d. When you use watermelon video, theater, small video, encyclopedia, search and other functions, in order to ensure the consistency of the services you receive and facilitate unified management, you may share the above-mentioned de-identified log information with these functions .
1.2.3 GPS geographic location is sensitive personal information. If you refuse to provide it, we will not recommend information to you based on GPS information, and it will not affect the normal use of other functions of Toutiao.
1.2.4 We will show you and recommend local related information in your area based on the city corresponding to the IP address.
1.2.5 The above information collected and used by us has been de-identified, and the data analysis only corresponds to specific codes that cannot be directly associated with your identity, and will not be associated with your true identity.
1.3 Release and interaction
1.3.1 Information release
a. When you post content, comment, ask a question or answer, we will collect the information you post and display your nickname, avatar, and post content.
b. When you use the functions of uploading pictures and publishing audio and video, we will ask you to authorize the camera, photo album (storage space), photo, and microphone permissions. If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use this function, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of Toutiao.
c. When you publish information and choose to display the location, we will ask you to authorize geographic location permissions and collect location information related to this service. If you refuse to authorize the provision of precise geographic location information, you will not be able to use this feature, but it will not affect your normal use of other features of Toutiao.
d. Please note that the information you publicly release may involve the personal information of users or others. If your publicly released information contains other people’s personal information, before uploading and publishing, you need to ensure that it is permitted by laws and regulations or has been obtained. Legally authorized.
e. When you use the live broadcast function of "Open Live", you need to perform real-name authentication in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will verify your identity through "face recognition". In the process of real-name authentication, the third-party authentication agency of the authentication service needs you to provide your real name, ID number and facial feature value information. This information is personal sensitive information, you can refuse to provide it, and will not affect the normal use of other functions of Toutiao. This information is only for real-name authentication and the purposes stipulated by laws and regulations, and will not be used for other purposes without your express authorization.
f. The information collected by users due to the use of our products or services. For example, the information posted by other users may contain some of your information (such as: comments, messages, published graphics, audio and video related to you Information).
g. We attach great importance to the user experience. In order to improve the upload speed of the content, enrich the publishing function and optimize the experience, when you publish the content before clicking "Save Draft" / "Publish" to confirm, we may temporarily release the content to be published Load to the server. If you cancel or fail to upload for other reasons, we will delete the relevant content immediately. We respect your right to choose. You can also choose to turn off the pre-upload function, and you can turn it off in the "System Settings". Please rest assured that your pre-uploaded content in the cloud will be stored in strong encryption, and no one has the right to illegally access, view, obtain, use and disclose.
h. In order to facilitate users to view and edit drafts on other devices and optimize the user experience, when you edit the content and confirm to save the draft box , you understand, confirm and agree that the content of the draft box can be loaded to the server. During use, you can also choose to close at any time. If you want to close the save to cloud function, you can close it in the "System Settings", or if you cancel or fail to save for other reasons, your content will not be Stored in the cloud, but does not affect the preservation of drafts locally . Please rest assured that the content you store in the cloud will be stored with strong encryption, and no one has the right to illegally access, view, obtain, use and disclose.
i. Today Toutiao has access to third-party services, and third-party components will apply to you for address book permissions when relevant functions are necessary (such as filling in emergency contacts, mobile phone recharge functions, etc.) , and use its agreement to explain the use Purpose, and will process the information in the address book with a high-strength encryption algorithm . The address book information is personal sensitive information. Refusal to provide this information will only make you unable to use the above functions, but will not affect your normal use of Toutiao and other functions of related services.
k. When you use the live broadcast reservation or event reservation function, you can open the calendar permission reservation. If you refuse to provide it, there will be no calendar reminder. Refusal will only disable the above functions, but it will not affect your normal use of today’s headlines Features.
1.3.2 Interactive communication
a. You actively follow and interact with the accounts, circles, activities, and topics you are interested in. When you browse, comment, bookmark, like or share content, we will collect the accounts you follow and show you what you are following Account posting content.
b. When you share or receive shared information, participate in activities, etc., we need to access your clipboard and read the password, sharing code, and link contained in it to achieve functions such as jump, sharing, and activity linkage Or service.
1.3.3 Message notification
You understand and agree that for your contact information (for example: contact number) provided during the use of products and/or services, we may send multiple types of notices to one or more of them during our operations. For the purpose of user message notification, identity verification, security verification, user experience research, dispute handling, etc.; in addition, we may also provide you with SMS or phone calls to the mobile phone numbers collected in the foregoing process, which may be of interest to you The use of commercial information such as services, functions, or activities of, but please rest assured that if you do not want to accept this information, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe method provided in the mobile phone text message, or you can directly contact us to unsubscribe .
1.3.4 User feedback and service
a. Customer service and questions: In order to facilitate contact with you, help you solve problems as soon as possible, or record the handling plans and results of related problems, we may save your communication/call records and related content (including account information, feedback information, Order information, other information you provide to prove relevant facts, or contact information you left), if you consult, complain or provide suggestions for a specific order, we will use your account information and order information.
b. When you complain about or are complained by others, in order to protect the legal rights and interests of you and others, we may provide your account/identity information, contact information, and content related to the complaint to the consumer rights protection department and the supervisory authority for the purpose of Resolve complaints and disputes in a timely manner, except for those expressly prohibited by laws and regulations.
c. If you use Toutiao affiliates or partner services through our products or services and make a complaint, in order for the product/service provider to effectively contact you and deal with your complaint in a timely manner, you agree that we will obtain you from the partner The personal information provided at the time of the complaint will be synchronized to the corresponding product/service provider.
d. Questionnaire survey: In order to provide services and improve service quality for reasonable needs, we may also use other information about you, including relevant information you provide when you contact customer service, and questionnaire response information sent to us when you participate in the questionnaire survey ; If you do not wish, you can also refuse to offer to participate in the questionnaire survey.
1.4 Search
1.4.1 When you use the search service, we will collect your search keyword information and log information records for analysis in order to show you more relevant search results. Search results, popular searches, and related searches may be displayed based on your search/browsing, personal homepage information, log information, etc.
1.4.2 We may also record the information you provide, form or retain when you use our services, such as when you enter a query word when using a search, click on historical words, prompt words, and clicked links, or filter the search scope and time range , And the information submitted when you participate in search operations. You have the right to refuse to provide the above information, but this will cause you to be unable to use specific services or functions, or to achieve the intended effects of related services.
1.4.3 Search results include information on Toutiao and third-party websites. When you enter a third-party website, your information may be collected by the third-party website.
1.4.4 In order to provide efficient search services, some of the aforementioned information will also be temporarily stored in your local storage device, and can show you the content of search results and search history.
1.5 Public welfare
We take advantage of technology to provide tracing and related public welfare services to the society. When the GPS location information is authorized, we will use artificial intelligence distribution and accurate map push technology to push information to users related to the occurrence of the event and the location of clues found. If you refuse to authorize the provision of GPS geographic location information, you will not receive such information pushes, and will not affect your normal use of other functions of Toutiao.
1.6 Operation and safety assurance
1.6.1 Operation and safety
We are committed to providing you with a safe and reliable product and use environment, and providing high-quality, efficient and reliable services and information is our core goal.
1.6.2 Device Information and Log Information
a. In order to ensure the security of software services and your account, the quality and efficiency of service operations, we will collect your hardware model, operating system version number, device name, device configuration, international mobile device identification code, unique device identifier, Network device hardware address, IP address, WLAN access point, Bluetooth, base station, software version number, network access method, type, status, network quality data, operation, usage, service log. We may associate your device information or phone number with your Toutiao account.
b. In order to prevent malicious programs, ensure service security and improve browsing experience, we will collect installed application information or running process information, the overall operation of the application, usage and frequency, application crashes, overall installation usage, and performance Data and application sources.
c. In order to analyze statistical indicators such as application addition, activation, retention, performance, etc., we may call the clipboard to perform attribution analysis on relevant statistical information. Please rest assured that we will not collect your private information.
d. We may use your account information, device information, service log information, and information that our affiliates and partners have obtained your authorization or can share according to law to determine account security, application activation and activity, and identity verification , Detect and prevent security incidents.
1.7 Changes to the purpose of collecting and using personal information
Please understand that with the development of our business, there may be adjustments and changes to the functions and services provided by Toutiao. In principle, when a new function or service is related to the function or service we currently provide, the personal information collected and used will be directly or reasonably related to the original processing purpose. In scenarios that are not directly or reasonably related to the original processing purpose, when we collect and use your personal information, we will once again inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws, regulations and national standards through page prompts, interaction procedures, and agreement confirmation methods. And get your consent.
1.8 Exceptions to authorization and consent
Please understand that in the following situations, in accordance with laws, regulations and relevant national standards, we do not need to obtain your authorization in advance to collect and use your personal information:
a. Related to our fulfillment of obligations stipulated by laws and regulations;
b. Directly related to national security and national defense security;
c. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
d. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
e. In order to protect your or others' life, property and other major legal rights and interests, but it is difficult to obtain the authorization and consent of the person;
f. Your personal information disclosed to the public on your own;
g. Necessary for signing and performing contracts according to the requirements of the subject of personal information;
h. Collect your personal information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
i. Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of software and related services, such as discovering and handling faults in software and related services;
j. Necessary for the development of legal news reports;
k. As an academic research institution, it is necessary to conduct statistical or academic research based on the public interest, and when the results of academic research or description are provided to the outside, the personal information contained in the results is de-identified;
l. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
You are particularly reminded that if the information cannot identify your personal identity alone or in combination with other information, it does not belong to your personal information in the legal sense; when your information can identify your personal identity alone or in combination with other information, or we When data that cannot be linked with any specific personal information is used in combination with other personal information of you, this information will be treated and protected as your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy during the combined use period.
2. Use of Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies and similar technologies are commonly used technologies on the Internet. When you use Toutiao and related services, we may use related technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device to collect and store information about your visit and use of this product. We promise that we will not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this privacy policy. We use cookies and similar technologies to achieve the following functions or services:
2.1 Ensure the safe and efficient operation of products and services
We may set cookies or anonymous identifiers for authentication and security, so that we can confirm whether you log in to the service safely, or whether you have encountered embezzlement, fraud, or other illegal acts. These technologies will also help us improve the efficiency of our services and increase the speed of login and response.
2.2 Help you get a more relaxed access experience
Using this type of technology can help you avoid repeating the steps and processes of filling in your personal information and entering search content (examples: record search, form filling).
2.3 Recommend, display, and push content or accounts that may be of interest to you
2.3.1 We may use cookies and similar technologies to understand your preferences and usage habits, and perform data analysis to improve products and services, recommend information or features that users are interested in, and optimize your advertising choices.
2.3.2 On the sharing page of Toutiao, we may use cookies to record browsing activities for recommending information to you, troubleshooting related exceptions related to crashes and delays, and exploring better service methods.
2.4 Clearing of cookies
Most browsers provide users with the function of clearing the cached data of the browser. You can perform the corresponding data clearing operation in the browser settings function. If you clear it, you may not be able to use the services or corresponding functions provided by the company that rely on cookies because of these modifications.
3. How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose personal information
3.1 Sharing
3.1.1 Sharing principle
a. Authorization and consent principle: sharing your personal information with our affiliates and third parties requires your authorization and consent, unless the shared personal information is information that has been de-identified, and the shared third party cannot re-identify such information The natural person subject of the information. If related parties and third parties use information for purposes beyond the scope of the original authorization and consent, they need to obtain your consent again.
b. The principle of legality and minimum necessity: the data shared with related parties and third parties must have a legitimate and legitimate purpose, and the shared data is limited to the extent necessary to achieve the purpose.
c. The principle of security prudence: We will carefully evaluate the purpose of related parties and third-party data sharing information, comprehensively evaluate the security capabilities of these partners, and require them to follow the cooperation legal agreement. We will conduct strict security monitoring on the software tool development kit ( SDK ) and application program interface (API) used by the partners to obtain information to protect data security. Access to the third-party SDK directory
3.1.2 Realize the shared information of the function or service
a. When you use the functions provided by our affiliates and third parties in Toutiao, or when software service providers, smart device providers, and system service providers cooperate with us to provide services for you, we will realize the business The necessary information is shared with these affiliates and third parties to recommend and display specific functions, services or advertisements that are more suitable for you.
b. Login and bind other products: With your consent, when you use your account to log in to a third-party product or service, or bind your account to another third-party account, we will use your nickname, avatar, follower, fans, etc. Relationships and other information authorized by you are shared with the aforementioned products or services. When using a third-party account to log in, it may be necessary to write and read the information necessary for the login in the clipboard. This information is only used for login-related purposes and will not collect your private information.
c. Toutiao Number: When you use Toutiao Number, we will not share your personal information with other operators without your consent.
d. When you use the third-party applet service accessed by Toutiao, the applet may use the relevant system permissions authorized by you, or you may need to submit personal information according to the function of the applet. We will provide the service according to your authorization. The necessary information is provided to the third-party applet that serves you. You can refer to the relevant agreement or privacy policy of the third-party service. You can also withdraw the authorization in the applet.
e. Geographic location services: When you use geographic location-related services, we will share GPS information with location service providers (High German Maps) so that you can return location results. When you use search to inquire about weather-related services, we may share GPS information with weather service providers to provide you with more accurate weather services in the region. GPS information is sensitive personal information and refusal to provide it will only affect the geographic location service function, but does not affect the normal use of other functions.
f. Wallet function: Related services in the wallet function are provided by our affiliates and partners. When you use wallet-related functions, our affiliates and partners will collect information within the necessary limits according to the function or service requirements.
g. Payment function: The payment function is provided to you by a third-party payment institution that cooperates with us. Third-party payment institutions may need to collect your name, bank card type and card number, expiration date and mobile phone number. Bank card number, expiration date and mobile phone number are sensitive personal information . These information are necessary for payment functions. Refusal to provide this information will cause you to be unable to use this function, but will not affect the normal use of other functions.
h. Order function: When you use the "Order" function, after your authorization, we may share your order information with the relevant service provider that placed the order to facilitate your unified query of order information.
3.1.3 Realize the shared information related to advertising
a. Advertising push and delivery: We may share information with partners for promotion and advertising, but we will not share information (name, ID number) used to identify your personal identity, and will only provide these partners with Indirect portrait tags that identify your personal identity and de-identified or anonymized device, network, and channel information to help them increase the effective reach of ads without identifying your personal identity. You can refuse us to push you programmatic advertising without affecting your use of other functions or services of Toutiao. Click to understand and manage advertising push
b. Advertising statistics: We may share analysis and de-identification statistical information with business service providers, suppliers and other partners. This information is difficult to correlate with your identity information. This information will help us analyze, measure advertising and relevant information. The effectiveness of the service.
c. You can refuse us to push programmatic advertisements to you without affecting your use of other functions or services of Toutiao.
3.1.4 Realization of shared information for security and analysis and statistics
a. To ensure the safety of use: We attach great importance to a good environment for accounts, services and network information services. In order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you and other users and maintain the information network environment, we and our affiliates or service providers may share necessary equipment, accounts and log information.
b. Analyze product usage: In order to analyze the usage of our services and improve user experience, we may share de-identification data on product sources and usage (crash, crash, usage duration, etc.) with related parties or third parties , It is difficult for these data to be combined with other information to identify your personal identity.
c. Academic research and scientific research: In order to enhance scientific research capabilities in related fields and promote the level of scientific and technological development, we may share de-identification or anonymization with scientific research institutes, universities and other institutions under the premise of ensuring data security and proper purpose. data.
3.1.5 Help you participate in marketing promotion activities
When you choose to participate in relevant marketing activities organized by us and our affiliates or third parties, you may need to provide information generated during the activity and necessary to complete the activity in order to be able to provide you with services or award prizes in a timely manner, such as You provide your name, mailing address, contact information, and bank account information. This information is sensitive personal information, and refusal to provide it may affect your participation in related activities, but will not affect other functions. We may share the avatar, nickname, and/or the above information with related parties or third parties to ensure that you receive a consistent service experience in joint activities, or entrust a third party to redeem rewards to you in a timely manner.
3.2 Assignment
3.2.1 We will not transfer your personal information to any other third parties unless we have your explicit consent.
3.2.2 With the continuous development of our business, we may carry out mergers, acquisitions, and asset transfers, and your personal information may be transferred as a result. In the event of the foregoing changes, we will require the successor to protect your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations and the security standards not lower than this privacy policy, otherwise we will require the successor to re-obtain your authorization and consent.
3.3 Disclosure
3.3.1 We will not publicly disclose your information unless we follow national laws and regulations or obtain your consent. When we publicly disclose your personal information, we will adopt security protection measures that comply with industry standards.
3.3.2 We will disclose relevant account information when penalizing illegal accounts and fraudulent acts, or because you violate laws and regulations or violate relevant agreements and rules of Toutiao platform, or to protect Toutiao platform or the public’s personal life To protect property security from infringement, we may disclose your account information in accordance with laws and regulations, platform agreements, or upon requesting you.
3.3.3 We will publicly disclose information related to the incident after public welfare projects such as "tracing people" and "fleeing escape" are in compliance with laws and regulations and are clearly authorized. When the incident is over, we will promptly delete the personal sensitive information that has been disclosed.
3.3.4 After you authorize a game or mini program or other function or service, the avatars and nicknames of you and your friends will be displayed in the ranking and related functions.
3.4 Exceptions to obtaining prior authorization and consent when sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing personal information
Please understand that in the following situations, in accordance with relevant laws, regulations and national standards, we do not need to obtain your authorization in advance to share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information:
a. Relevant to our fulfillment of the obligations stipulated by laws and regulations and the competent authorities of the industry, or the need to resolve litigation or disputes, or according to the requirements of the administrative or judicial organs in accordance with the law;
b. Directly related to national security and national defense security;
c. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
d. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
e. In order to protect your or others' life, property and other major legal rights and interests, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person;
f. Your personal information disclosed to the public on your own;
g. Collect personal information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels.
4. How do we store personal information
4.1 Storage location
In accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, we store your personal information collected and generated in the course of domestic operations in the territory of the People's Republic of China. At present, we will not transfer the above-mentioned information overseas. If we transfer overseas, we will follow relevant national regulations or seek your consent.
4.2 Storage period
We only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purpose of providing "Today's Toutiao" and the service: your posted information, comments, likes and other related information. We will Relevant information will be retained. After exceeding the necessary period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
5. How do we protect the security of personal information
5.1 We attach great importance to the security of your personal information and will strive to take reasonable security measures (including technical and management aspects) to protect your personal information and prevent the personal information you provide from being improperly used or accessed without authorization , Public disclosure, use, modification, damage, loss or leakage. At present, "Toutiao" has passed the national information security level protection (level three) evaluation and filing, and passed the internationally authoritative ISO27001 information security certification.
5.2 We will use encryption technology, anonymization processing and related reasonable and feasible means not lower than industry peers to protect your personal information, and use security protection mechanisms to prevent your personal information from being maliciously attacked.
5.3 We will establish a special security department, security management system, and data security process to ensure the security of your personal information. We adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized personnel can access your personal information, and conduct security audits on data and technology in a timely manner.
5.4 Although the above reasonable and effective measures have been taken, and the standards required by relevant laws and regulations have been complied with, please understand that due to technical limitations and various malicious methods that may exist, in the Internet industry, even if you do your best to strengthen security measures , It is impossible to guarantee 100% security of information at all times. We will try our best to ensure the security of the personal information you provide to us.
5.5 You know and understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may have problems due to factors beyond our control. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you take active measures to protect the security of your personal information, including but not limited to using complex passwords, regularly changing passwords, and not disclosing your account password and related personal information to others.
5.6 We will formulate emergency response plans, and immediately activate emergency plans when user information security incidents occur, and strive to prevent the impact and consequences of these security incidents from expanding. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss) occurs, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, and you can take precautions on your own And suggestions to reduce risks, and remedial measures for you. We will promptly inform you of the relevant situation of the incident via push notifications, emails, letters, short messages and related forms. When it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective way to issue an announcement. At the same time, we will also report the handling of user information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of relevant regulatory authorities.
5.7 Once you leave "Toutiao" and related services, browse or use other websites, services and content resources, we will not have the ability and direct obligation to protect any personal information you submit on software and websites other than Toutiao and related services. Regardless of whether you log in, browse or use the above software, the website is based on the links or guidance of "Today's Headlines".
6. Manage your personal information
We attach great importance to the management of your personal information, and do our best to protect your rights to access, correct, delete, withdraw consent and authorization, cancel your account, and complain about your personal information, so that you have the ability to protect your privacy and information Safety. Please note that there may be differences in operating settings between different operating systems and different versions of Toutiao software; in addition, in order to optimize your experience, we may also adjust the operating settings, so the following guidelines are for reference only.
6.1 Guidelines for the management of personal information
While providing personalized information, Toutiao also provides a wealth of additional functions and services. We provide users with separate personal information management guidelines to inform and guide users on how to manage their personal information. You can choose to use it or set it in "Settings" Open and manage. Understand user information management, device information management
6.2 Independently choose and control personalized recommendation information
6.2.1 Autonomous and controllable receiving information
Our information recommendation function may be based on automated decision-making mechanisms including information systems and algorithms. While we continue to improve and explore the recommended system optimization plan, we also adopt a strict strategy at the audit level.
a. Independently decide to receive push information:
① When you choose to turn off personalized recommendation, the "recommendation" channel will no longer be shown to you. You cannot enjoy the personalized recommendation service, but you can continue to browse non-personalized recommendation content such as follow, popular, and news channels. At the same time, you You can also turn on personalized recommendations with one key to get richer content (open path: Settings-Privacy-Personalized Recommendations).
②Channel setting: We are committed to showing you high-quality interest information. You can also increase/decrease and sort relevant interest channels before reading the information.
③When you are not interested in specific information or want to reduce some information recommendations, you can click on the "X" in the information bar and select the relevant reason. We will adjust the strategy based on your feedback and carry out precise blocking. At the same time, we also provide an entrance to "Feedback" to listen to your comments and suggestions.
b. Self-subscribe to the required information: in the follow channel, it will be displayed according to the account you actively choose to follow, and you can choose to follow or unfollow.
c. When there is no content you are interested in, you can also enter the keywords you are interested in in the search bar, click and read the search results.
6.2.2 Manage your programmatic advertising push
In order to provide you with free and high-quality services, we will try our best to show you advertisements that you may be more interested in and related programs based on your use of related services. At the same time, we will work hard to ensure data during this process. Security.
a. Independently decide to receive programmatic advertising information: Programmatic advertising is one of the advertising display technologies, and advertisers make intelligent recommendations based on your preferences in their apps. Toutiao only provides programmatic advertising docking technology, and will not obtain your behavior or personal data in other apps. You can check it in "My"-"Settings"-"Privacy"- "Ad Settings"-"Programmatic Advertising Display" In Settings, choose to turn off or turn on whether to receive programmatic advertisements. When you turn off, you will no longer receive such personalized advertisements, but you will still see advertisements. The number of advertisements will not change, but the relevance of advertisements will decrease.
b. Independent advertising interest management: In order to help you manage advertising interest tags, you can query, add, and delete your informationin "My"-"Settings"-"Privacy"-"Advertising Settings"-"Ad Interest Management" Advertising interest tab, or on the programmatic advertising page, click "X"-"Not interested" (reduce this type of content). After removing the relevant tags, the system will reduce the push of such advertisements. At the same time, you can also add pre-made advertising interest icons, which will increase the push of related advertisements.
c. Advertising information unsubscribe: You can unsubscribe by replying to "TD" and we send your marketing SMS.
6.3 Access to personal information
6.3.1 Access to personal account information
a. Basic account information: You have the right to access your avatar, username (nickname), profile, gender, birthday, region and other basic information: enter the homepage-my-upper right corner "Settings"-edit information, you can query and access;
b. Mobile phone number, password modification, and binding account: You have the right to access your mobile phone number and other platform account binding status: enter the homepage-my-upper right corner "Settings"-account and security, you can check and access.
6.3.2 Access release, comment, browsing history, favorites, likes, likes, downloads, search, appointment, push
a. Enter the homepage-my-headline, or enter the homepage-my-personal homepage, or enter the homepage-my-creation center-creation homepage-all, you can query and access the published content in any of the aforementioned methods;
b. Enter the homepage-my-more services-comments, you can inquire and access the comment content;
c. Enter the homepage-my-browsing history, favorites, likes, download management, you can query and visit;
d. Enter the homepage-my-more services-like, you can query and visit;
e. Enter the homepage-click the search box-search history, you can query and visit;
f. Enter any entry on the homepage-my-favorite/browsing history/like/comment, and enter the page to view access appointments and push information.
6.3.3 Visit followers, fans, blacklist
a. Enter the homepage-my, you can check and visit followers, fans;
b. Enter the homepage-my-upper right corner "settings"-privacy-blacklist, you can query and visit.
6.3.4 Access order, red envelope, address management
a. Enter the homepage-my-more services, you can inquire and access orders and shopping carts;
. b enter into the home - my - more service - purse, access can be found red, headlines currency;
c. Enter the homepage-my-more services-address management, you can query and visit frequently used addresses.
Personal information that you cannot access: In addition to the information listed above, we cannot provide you with access to some of your personal information. This information is mainly for improving your user experience and ensuring transaction security. Your device information, Personal information generated when you use extended functions. We will use the above information within the scope of your authorization and you cannot access it, but you can contact us to delete or anonymize it.
6.4 Correction of personal information
6.4.1 Correcting personal account information
a. Basic account information: You have the right to correct basic information such as your profile picture, user name (nickname), profile, gender, birthday, region, etc.: Go to the homepage-my-upper right corner "Settings"-edit information, you can operate.
b. Mobile phone number, password modification, and account binding: You have the right to change your phone number and unbind other platform accounts. Situation: Go to the homepage-My-upper right corner "Settings"-Account and Security, and you can perform operations.
c. If your account encounters emergency situations such as stolen, you can enter the homepage-My-Account and Security-Account Lock-Turn on the lock protection to lock the account, then all the devices that have been logged in will be forced to log out; you can also Choose to release "Enable lock protection" to restore normal use of the account.
6.4.2 Change common address
a. You have the right to change your usual address, enter the homepage-my-more services-address management, you can operate.
When you find that your personal information is wrong, you have the right to ask us to make corrections or supplements. You can submit a correction or supplementary application through the methods listed in "6.3 Access to Personal Information", or provide feedback through the "Feedback" portal. You are especially reminded that for security and identification (such as number appeal service) considerations, you may not be able to independently modify some initial registration information submitted during registration. If you really need to modify this type of registration information, please contact us according to the contact information specified in this privacy policy.
6.5 Delete personal information
Personal information deletion: refers to the act of removing personal information from the system involved in the realization of daily business functions, so that it can be kept in a state where it cannot be retrieved or accessed.
6.5.1 Delete some personal data
You can delete your personal profile, gender, and common address personal information in the following ways:
a. Enter the homepage-my-upper right corner "Settings"-edit information, you can delete the profile and gender.
b. Enter the homepage-my-more services-address management, you can delete the address.
6.5.2 Delete browsing history, favorites, comments, likes, downloads, appointments, pushes, and searches
a. Enter the homepage-my-favorites, comments, likes, history, download management, appointment, push, and click "Edit" in the upper right corner to delete;
b. Enter the homepage-click the search box-search history-"delete" icon to delete;
c. Click "Settings"-click "Clear Cache" to clear offline content;
d. When you choose to enable "Permanently Clear History Behavior", it means that all historical reading interests will be cleared. After clearing, personalized recommendations based on historically collected information will no longer be made, and the operation cannot be restored after you understand, know and confirm the clearing. You can enter the homepage-my-settings-privacy-permanently clear historical behaviors and delete them.
6.5.3 Delete the contents of the release and draft box
a. Delete the published content: enter the homepage-my-personal homepage-click the "..." symbol in the upper right corner of the single content to delete; or, enter the homepage-my-creation center-all-click the lower right corner of the single content "... ”Symbol, delete operation can be carried out;
b. Delete the content of the draft box: Go to the home page-upper right corner "Publish"-Drafts-Management, and delete; or, go to the home page-My-Creation Center-Draft-Management, and delete.
6.5.4 In the following situations, you can request us to delete personal information:
a. If our handling of personal information violates laws and regulations;
b. If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
c. If our handling of personal information violates our agreement with you;
d. If we terminate the service and operation.
After you or we assist you in deleting relevant information, due to applicable laws and security technical restrictions, we may not be able to delete the corresponding information from the backup system immediately. We will safely store your personal information and restrict any further information on it. Processing until the backup can be cleared or anonymized.
6.6 Change or withdraw the scope of authorization
6.6.1 Change or withdraw sensitive permission settings
a. In the operating system of the device itself, you can turn off the GPS geographic location, camera, microphone, photo album, address book, calendar permissions to change the scope of consent or withdraw your authorization . After closing the authorization, we will no longer collect information related to these permissions.
b. You can turn off or turn on the calendar, storage space, address book, audio and video (camera/microphone), "My"-"Settings"-"Privacy"-"Personal Information Protection Settings" in the Toutiao application . Accurate location information. After closing the authorization, we will no longer collect information related to these permissions.
c. After you use the mini-games and mini-programs, you can manage the application permissions obtained by the mini-programs and mini-games in the interface of the mini-games and mini-programs, and you can withdraw the application permission authorization for the mini-programs and mini-games.
6.6.2 Change or withdraw personalized recommendations
a. You can turn on or off the personalized recommendation service in "My-Settings-Privacy-Personalized Recommendation";
b. You can also "open with one key" personalized recommendation service on the homepage of Toutiao app to get richer content.
6.6.3 Change or withdraw account binding
a. You can unbind the third-party account in the "My-Settings-Account and Security" interface; and/or
b. You can also unbind the Toutiao account on the interface where the third-party account is located, and the specific functions set by the third-party platform shall prevail.
6.6.4 Information processing for changing or withdrawing authorization
Specific business functions and services will require your information to be completed. After you withdraw your consent or authorization, we cannot continue to provide you with the functions and services corresponding to the withdrawal of your consent or authorization, and will no longer process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the company's previous processing of personal information based on your authorization.
6.7 Cancel account
You can apply for account cancellation in the "Account and Security" section of today's headline. Before you cancel your account, we will verify your personal identity, security status, device information, etc. For the process and content of cancellation, please refer to the "Cancellation Agreement" . You know and understand that the act of canceling your account is irreversible. After you cancel your account, we will delete relevant information about you or anonymize it, except as otherwise provided by laws, regulations and relevant national standards.
6.8 Respond to your needs
In the following situations, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations:
a. Related to our fulfillment of obligations stipulated by laws and regulations;
b. Directly related to national security and national defense security;
c. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
d. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
e. There is sufficient evidence to show that the subject of personal information has subjective malice or abuse of rights;
f. In order to protect the life, property and other major legal rights of the personal information subject or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain the authorization and consent of the person;
g. Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations;
h. Involving trade secrets.
6.9 Complaints and reports
You can make a complaint or report in accordance with our publicized system. If you think that your personal information rights may be infringed, or find clues that infringe your personal information rights (for example, if we think that our collection of your personal information violates the law or the agreement between the parties), "My-User Feedback", enter the user feedback interface contact us. After verification, we will promptly feedback your complaints and reports.
6.10 Access to privacy policy
6.10.1 You can view the entire content of this privacy policy on the registration page, or log in to your personal account "Settings-About Toutiao" or view the entire content of this privacy policy through the www.toutiao.com web page.
6.10.2 Please understand that the "Toutiao" and related services mentioned in this privacy policy may vary according to the mobile phone model, system version, software application version, mobile client and other factors you use. The final products and services are subject to the "Toutiao" software and related services you use.
6.11 Stop operation to inform you
Today’s Toutiao is willing to accompany you all the time. If we cease operations, we will promptly stop collecting your personal information, notify you of the cessation of operations in the form of one-by-one delivery or announcements, and take care of the personal information we hold. Deletion or anonymization.
7. Minor Clause
7.1 We attach great importance to the protection of the personal information of minors. According to relevant laws and regulations, if you are a minor under the age of 18, before using "Toutiao" and related services, you should read and agree to this privacy policy under the supervision and guidance of your parents or other guardians.
7.2 We protect the personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations, and will only collect, use, store, share, transfer or disclose when permitted by law, parents or other guardians expressly consent or necessary to protect minors Personal information of minors; if we find that we have collected personal information of minors without the prior consent of a verifiable guardian, we will try to delete the relevant information as soon as possible.
7.3 If you are the guardian of a minor, when you have any questions about the personal information of the minor you are guarding, please contact us through the contact information disclosed in this privacy policy of the company.
8. Revision and notice of privacy policy
8.1 In order to provide you with better services, Toutiao and related services will be updated and changed from time to time. We will revise this privacy policy in due course. These revisions form part of this privacy policy and have the same effect as this privacy policy. You expressly agree that we will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy currently in effect.
8.2 After this privacy policy is updated, we will issue an updated version on Toutiao today, and remind you of the updated content through the official website ( www.toutiao.com ) announcement or other appropriate methods before the updated terms take effect , so that you can keep abreast of The latest version of this privacy policy.
9. Contact us
9.1 Today’s headlines are provided by Beijing ByteDance Technology Co., Ltd. If you have complaints, suggestions, or questions about the protection of personal information, you can send your questions to (Dataprivacy@bytedance.com). After we check and verify your user identity Will promptly feedback your complaints and reports.
9.2 If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about the content of this privacy policy, you can log in to the "User Feedback" page in the " Toutiao " client or "Contact Us—User Feedback" on the homepage of the official website ( www.toutiao.com ) Entrance to contact us.


