( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://www.toutiao.com/user_agreement/?wid=1623265893343 )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used:
https://www.toutiao.com/privacy_protection/
https://www.toutiao.com/privacy_protection/
)

Toutiao User Agreement
1. Introduction
Welcome to use "Toutiao" software and related services!
"Today Toutiao" software and related services refer to the products and services provided to you by the company through legally owned and operated client applications and the "Toutiao.com" (toutiao.com) website. Services, including but not limited to core functions such as personalized recommendation, information release, interactive communication, search query, and other functions, are platforms for creation and communication. The "Today Toutiao User Agreement" (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement") is an agreement between you and the company regarding your registration, login, and use (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "use") "Today Toutiao" software and related services.
In order to provide you with better services, please read and fully understand this agreement carefully before you start using the "Toutiao" software and related services, especially the clauses concerning exemption or limitation of liability, rights licensing and information use clauses, Agree to the terms of opening and using special individual services, applicable laws and dispute resolution terms, etc. Among them, important contents such as exemption or limitation of liability clauses will be reminded in bold form, and you should read them emphatically. If you are under the age of 18, please read and fully understand this agreement with your legal guardian, and use the "Toutiao" software and related services after obtaining the legal guardian's consent.
If you do not agree to this agreement, this will result in our inability to provide you with complete products and services, and you can also choose to stop using it. If you voluntarily choose to agree to or use the "Tou Toutiao" software and related services, you are deemed to have fully understood this agreement and agree to be a party to this agreement to accept this agreement and other related services to the "Today Toutiao" software and related services Restricted by agreements and rules (including but not limited to the "Privacy Policy").
2. "Today's Toutiao" software and related services
2.1 When you use the "Toutiao" software and related services, you can obtain the "Toutiao" client application or visit the related website of Toutiao.com (toutiao.com) by pre-installing, downloading from a third party authorized by the company, etc. If you did not obtain the software from the company or a third party authorized by the company, the company cannot guarantee the normal use of the unofficial version of the "Toutiao" software, and your losses have nothing to do with the company.
2.2 The company may develop different application software versions for different terminal devices. You should obtain, download, and install the appropriate version according to the actual device conditions. If you no longer use the "Toutiao" software and related services, you can also uninstall the corresponding application software yourself.
2.3 In order to better improve user experience and services, the company will provide updates or changes to the "Toutiao" software and related services from time to time (including but not limited to software modifications, upgrades, function enhancements, development of new services, software replacements, etc.), You can choose whether to update the corresponding version according to your needs.
In order to ensure the safety of the "Today Toutiao" software and related services, and to improve user service, after the partial or full update of the "Today Toutiao" software and related services, the company will use appropriate methods (including but not limited to system prompts) when feasible , Announcements, station letters, etc.) remind you that you have the right to choose to accept the updated version; if you choose not to update, some functions of the "Toutiao" software and related services will be restricted or cannot be used normally.
2.4 Unless you have the company's prior written authorization, you may not in any form, including but not limited to adaptation, copying, dissemination, vertical search, mirroring, or trading, etc., unauthorized access or use of the "Toutiao" software and related services in any form.
2.5 You understand that you need to prepare the terminal equipment related to the software and related services (such as computers, mobile phones, etc.) to use the "Today Toutiao" software and related services. Once you open the "Today Toutiao" software in the terminal device or visit the "Toutiao.com" "Website, you are deemed to use "today's headlines" software and related services. In order to fully realize all the functions of "Today's Toutiao", you may need to connect the terminal device to the Internet. You understand that you will be responsible for the required expenses (such as traffic fees, Internet fees, etc.).
2.6 The company grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive and non-commercial legal right to use "Today Toutiao" software and related services. All other rights not expressly authorized in this agreement are still reserved by the company. You must obtain the company's written permission before exercising these rights. At the same time, the company's failure to exercise any of the aforementioned rights does not constitute a waiver of this right.
2.7 You can start using the "Toutiao" software and related services without registering, but some functions or services may be affected. At the same time, you also understand that in order for you to better use the "Toutiao" software and related services and protect your account security, certain functions and/or certain individual service items (such as post comment service, etc.) will require you In accordance with the relevant national laws and regulations, provide true identity information after real-name registration and login before use.
3. About "Account"
3.1 "Toutiao" software and related services provide you with a registration channel. You have the right to choose a legal combination of characters as your account and set a password that meets the security requirements. The account and password set by the user are the credentials for the user to log in and use the "Toutiao" software and related services.
3.2 You understand and promise that the account you set up shall not violate national laws and regulations and relevant company rules, and shall not implement any behavior that infringes on national interests, harms the legal rights and interests of other citizens, or harms social morality, your account name, profile picture and profile Illegal and bad information must not appear in registration information and other personal information, and no account shall be opened in the name of another person (including but not limited to fraudulent use of another person’s name, name, font size, avatar, etc.) without the permission of others. Do not maliciously register "Today Toutiao" accounts (including but not limited to frequent registration, batch registration of accounts, etc.). The company has the right to review the information you submit.
3.3 Your account is only for your own use. Without the written consent of the company, it is prohibited to give, borrow, rent, transfer, sell or otherwise permit others to use the account in any form. If the company discovers or has reasonable grounds to believe that the user is not the initial registrant of the account, in order to protect the security of the account, the company has the right to immediately suspend or terminate the provision of services to the registered account, or cancel the account.
3.4 You are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your personal account and password, and assume all legal responsibilities for the activities you engage in in the name of the registered account, including but not limited to any activities you perform on the "Toutiao" software and related services. All legal responsibilities that may arise from operations such as data modification, speech publication, payment payment, etc. You should attach great importance to the confidentiality of your account number and password, and do not disclose your account number and password to others under any circumstances. If you find that someone else uses your account without permission or any other security vulnerabilities occur, you should immediately notify the company.
3.5 When you lose your account number or forget your password, you can follow the company's appeal channel to promptly appeal to retrieve your account or password. You understand and agree that the company's password retrieval mechanism only needs to identify the consistency between the information filled in the complaint form and the system record data, and cannot identify whether the complainant is a genuine account user. The company specially reminds you to keep your account and password properly. When you have finished using it, you should exit safely. If you suffer from account theft or password loss due to your own reasons such as improper custody or other force majeure factors, you will bear the corresponding responsibility.
3.6 When registering, using and managing an account, you should ensure the authenticity of the identity information filled in when registering an account. Please use true, accurate, legal and effective relevant identification materials and necessary information (including Your name and email address, contact number, contact address, etc.). In accordance with the relevant national laws and regulations, in order to use some functions of the "Toutiao" software and related services, you need to fill in your real identity information. Please complete the real-name authentication in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, and pay attention to timely update the above-mentioned related information. If the materials or information you provide is not standard or does not meet the requirements, the company has the right to refuse to provide you with relevant functions. You may not be able to use the "Toutiao" software and related services or some functions may be restricted during use.
3.7 In addition to self-registering "today headlines" account, users can also authorize the use of other software user accounts that they legally own, including but not limited to the company and/or its affiliates, and real-name registered third-party software user accounts to log in and use "today headlines" "Software and related services, except those restricted or prohibited by third-party software or platforms. When the user logs in with the aforementioned existing account, he shall ensure that the corresponding account has been registered with real name, and the relevant provisions in this agreement shall also apply.
3.8 You understand and agree that, in addition to logging in and using the "Toutiao" software and related services, you can also log in with your "Toutiao" account to use other software and services provided by the company and its affiliates. When you log in with the "Toutiao" account and use the aforementioned services, you will be bound by the "User Agreement" of the actual provider of the aforementioned services and other agreement terms.
3.9 In order to improve your content exposure and publishing efficiency, you agree that your account on this software/website and all content published by the corresponding account authorize the company to use your account to automatically and synchronously publish to the company and/or other affiliated companies. Software and website. The operations that you publish, modify, or delete content on this software/website will be synchronized to other software and websites in the above series. When you register through a registered account or a third-party software user account or log in to other software products and websites operated by the company and/or affiliated companies (if any), you shall abide by the software and the website's own "User Agreement" and other agreement terms. .
3.10 After you complete the account registration of "Toutiao", log in and conduct reasonable and necessary identity verification, you can browse and modify the personal identity information submitted by yourself at any time. You understand and agree that you may not be able to modify the initial registration information and other verification information provided during registration for reasons of security and identification (such as account or password retrieval appeal service, etc.). You can also apply to cancel your account. The company will assist you in canceling your account after completing reasonable and necessary verifications such as personal identity, security status, device information, etc., and delete all information about your account according to your requirements, as otherwise provided by laws and regulations except.
3.11 You understand and agree that in order to make full use of account resources, the company has the right to take back your account if you fail to log in for the first time after registration or use it without logging in for more than two consecutive months.
4. User personal information protection
The company works with you to protect your personal information (that is, information that can identify users independently or in combination with other information). Protecting users' personal information is one of the company's basic principles. In the process of using "Toutiao" software and related services, you may need to provide your personal information (including but not limited to name, phone number, location information, etc.) so that the company can provide you with better services and corresponding technologies stand by. The company will use encryption technology, anonymization and other technical measures that match the "Toutiao" software and related services and other security measures to protect your personal information. For more information about the protection of users' personal information, please refer to the " Privacy Policy" ".
5. User Code of Conduct
5.1 User behavior requirements
You should be responsible for your use of the software and related services. Unless permitted by law or with the company's prior written permission, your use of the "Toutiao" software and related services shall not have the following behaviors:
5.1.1 Use any plug-in, plug-in, system or third-party tool that is not authorized or permitted by the company to interfere, destroy, modify or exert other influences on the normal operation of the "Toutiao" software and related services.
5.1.2 Use or target the "Toutiao" software and related services to conduct any behavior that endangers computer network security, including but not limited to:
(1) Activities that endanger network security, such as illegally hacking into another person's network, interfering with the normal function of another person's network, and stealing network data;
(2) Provide programs and tools that are specially used to engage in network security activities such as intruding into the network, interfering with the normal functions and protective measures of the network, and stealing network data;
(3) Provide technical support, advertising promotion, payment settlement and other assistance to others who knowingly others are engaged in activities that endanger network security;
(4) Use unauthorized data or access unauthorized servers/accounts;
(5) Enter the public computer network or the computer system of another person without permission and delete, modify, or add stored information;
(6) Without permission, attempts to probe, scan, test the weaknesses of the "Today Toutiao" system or network, or conduct other behaviors that undermine network security;
(7) Attempt to interfere with, disrupt the normal operation of the "Toutiao" system or website, deliberately spread malicious programs or viruses, and other behaviors that disrupt and interfere with normal network information services;
(8) Forged TCP/IP data packet name or part of the name;
(9) Reverse-engineer, reverse-assemble, compile or otherwise try to discover the source code of this software for "Today's Toutiao" software and related services;
(10) Malicious registration of accounts for "Toutiao" software and related services, including but not limited to frequent and batch registration of accounts;
(11) Violation of laws and regulations, this agreement, relevant company rules, and other acts that infringe on the legitimate rights and interests of others.
5.1.3 If the company has reason to believe that your behavior violates or may violate the above agreement, the company can independently make judgments and deal with it, and has the right to terminate the provision of services to you without prior notice and pursue relevant legal liabilities.
5.2 Information content specification
5.2.1 After you complete the real-name authentication in accordance with the regulations, you can log in to "today's headline" with a registered account or "today's headline" cooperative platform account to post content, post comments, etc.
5.2.2 The company is committed to making the release of information and post comments a civilized, rational, friendly, and high-quality exchange of opinions. While promoting the development of information release, interactive communication, and post comment business, we will continue to strengthen the corresponding information security management capabilities, improve self-discipline of information release and post comment, earnestly fulfill social responsibilities, comply with national laws and regulations, respect the legitimate rights and interests of citizens, and respect Social public order and good customs.
5.2.3 The content you comment, post, and disseminate should consciously abide by the constitution, laws and regulations, abide by public order, and respect social ethics, the socialist system, national interests, the legitimate rights and interests of citizens, morals and customs, and the authenticity of information. You agree and promise not to produce, copy, publish, or disseminate the following information content prohibited by laws and regulations:
(1) Opposing the basic principles established by the Constitution;
(2) Endangering national security and leaking state secrets;
(3) Subverting state power, overthrowing the socialist system, inciting division of the country, or undermining national unity;
(4) Damage to national honor and interests;
(5) Promoting terrorism and extremism;
(6) Propagating ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining ethnic unity;
(7) Inciting regional discrimination or hatred;
(8) Undermining the state's religious policies and promoting cults and superstitions;
(9) Fabricating or spreading rumors or false information, disrupting economic order and social order, and undermining social stability;
(10) Spreading or disseminating violence, obscenity, pornography, gambling, murder, terror or instigating crime;
(11) Infringing on the lawful rights and interests of minors or harming the physical and mental health of minors;
(12) Secretly photographing or recording others without their permission, infringing on the legal rights of others;
(13) Contains content that is horrible, violent, bloody, highly dangerous, or endangering the physical and mental health of the performer or others;
(14) Endangering network security, using the network to engage in endangering national security, honor and interests;
(15) Insulting or slandering others, infringing on the lawful rights and interests of others;
(16) Violent intimidation, threats to others, and human flesh searches;
(17) Involving other people's privacy, personal information or data;
(18) Spreading foul language and harming public order and good customs;
(19) Content that infringes on the legal rights of others' privacy, reputation, portrait, intellectual property rights, etc.;
(20) Dissemination of commercial advertisements, or similar commercial solicitation information, excessive marketing information and spam;
(21) Comments in languages ​​other than the commonly used languages ​​on this website;
(22) It has nothing to do with the commented information;
(23) The published information is meaningless, or uses a combination of characters deliberately to avoid technical review;
(24) Other information that violates laws, regulations, policies, public order and good customs, interferes with the normal operation of "Today Toutiao", or violates the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties.
5.3 The company has established a public complaint and reporting platform. You can complain to the company and report various violations of laws and regulations, illegal communication activities, illegal and harmful information and other content in accordance with the company's public complaint and reporting system. The company will promptly accept and handle your complaints and reports. To jointly create a clean and upright cyberspace.
6. "Today's Toutiao" information content usage specifications
6.1 Without the written permission of the company, you may not, by yourself, or authorize, allow, or assist any third party to conduct the following actions on the information content in the "Toutiao" software and related services in this agreement:
(1) Copy, read, and use the information content of "Today Toutiao" software and related services for commercial purposes including but not limited to publicity, increasing reading volume, and browsing volume;
(2) Unauthorized editing, sorting, and arrangement of the information content of the "Today Toutiao" software and related services and then displaying it in channels other than the source page of the "Today Toutiao" software and related services;
(3) Adopt any form of identification methods, including but not limited to special marks, special codes, etc., to self or assist a third party to generate traffic, guide, transfer, and hijack the information content of the "Today Toutiao" software and related services, etc. influences;
(4) Other acts of illegally obtaining or using the information content of the "Toutiao" software and related services.
6.2 With the written permission of the company, your sharing and forwarding of the information content of the "Toutiao" software and related services shall also comply with the following specifications:
(1) For related data such as crawling, statistics, and related search hot words, hit rate, classification, search volume, click rate, reading volume, etc., the above data shall not be publicized or provided in any way without the company's prior written consent , Divulge to any third party;
(2) Do not make any changes in any form to the source webpages of the "Today Toutiao" software and related services, including but not limited to the links to the home page (profile page) of the "Today Toutiao" software and related services, links to advertising systems, etc. Do not obstruct, insert, or pop up the display of the source page of "Today's Toutiao" software and related services in any form;
(3) Safe, effective, and rigorous measures should be taken to prevent the information content of the "Toutiao" software and related services from being illegally obtained by third parties through any form including but not limited to "spider" programs;
(4) It is not allowed to use the relevant data content for purposes outside the scope of the company's written permission, for any form of sales and commercial use, or to disclose, provide or allow the third party to use it in any way;
(5) The act of sharing, forwarding, or copying the information content of the "Toutiao" software and related services to any third party shall comply with other norms and standards formulated by the company for this purpose.
7. Handling of breach of contract
7.1 In response to your violation of this agreement or other terms of service, the company has the right to independently judge and take pre-warning, refusal to publish, immediately stop transmitting information, delete follow-up posts, short-term ban on speaking, restrict part or all of the account's functions until it is permanently closed. Account and other measures. The company has the right to announce the results of the processing, and has the right to decide whether to resume the use of the relevant account based on the actual situation. Relevant records will be kept for suspected violations of laws and regulations or suspected crimes, and report to and cooperate with relevant competent authorities in accordance with the law.
7.2 If you violate this agreement or other terms of service and cause third-party complaints or litigation claims, you should deal with it yourself and bear all possible legal liabilities arising therefrom. If your violation, infringement or breach of contract has caused the company and its affiliates to compensate any third party or be punished by the state agency, you should also fully compensate the company and its affiliates for all losses suffered as a result.
7.3 The company respects and protects the legal rights and interests of users and others such as intellectual property rights, reputation rights, name rights, and privacy rights. You guarantee that the texts, pictures, videos, audios, links, etc. uploaded when using the "Toutiao" software and related services do not infringe any third party's intellectual property rights, reputation rights, name rights, privacy rights and other rights and legal rights. Otherwise, the company has the right to remove the allegedly infringing content upon receiving notice from the right party or related parties. Regarding all claims made by a third party, you should handle it yourself and bear all possible legal responsibilities; if your company and its affiliates suffer losses (including economic and goodwill losses) due to your infringement, you It should also fully compensate the company and its affiliates for all losses suffered.
8. Service change, interruption and termination
8.1 You understand and agree that the "Toutiao" software and related services provided by the company are provided in accordance with the status quo that can be achieved with existing technology and conditions. The company will do its best to provide you with services to ensure the continuity and safety of services. You understand that the company cannot foresee and prevent technical and other risks at any time, including but not limited to force majeure, network reasons, third-party service defects, third-party websites and other reasons that may cause service interruption, failure to use the software and services normally, and other losses And risk.
8.2 You understand and agree that, in order to serve the needs of overall operation and platform operation security, the company has the right to determine the service/function settings, scope, modification, interruption, suspension or termination of the "Toutiao" software and related services based on the specific circumstances.
9. Advertising
9.1 You understand and agree that the company may push relevant information, advertising or brand promotion services to you in the process of using the "Today Toutiao" software and related services, and the company will use the "Today Toutiao" software and related services. Display commercial advertisements, promotions or information (including commercial or non-commercial information) related to the "Today Toutiao" software and related services and/or third-party suppliers and partners.
9.2 When using "Toutiao", the company will push programmatic ads to you based on preferences, interests, etc. You can turn off the push of programmatic ads in the "Toutiao" settings. If you turn off, the number of ads you see will be Stay the same, but the relevance of the ad will decrease. You can unsubscribe from the marketing text messages we send you. For more information, please refer to the " Privacy Policy ".
9.3 The company performs advertising and promotion-related obligations in accordance with the law, and you should judge the authenticity and reliability of the advertisement or promotion information and be responsible for your own judgment. Except as clearly provided by laws and regulations, your purchases or transactions due to the advertisement or promotion information or the damage or loss suffered due to the foregoing content shall be borne by you, and the company shall not be liable.
10. Intellectual Property
10.1 Intellectual property rights of the content (including but not limited to software, technology, programs, web pages, text, pictures, images, audio, video, graphics, layout design, electronic documents, etc.) provided by the company in the "Toutiao" software and related services Belong to the company. The copyright, patent rights and other intellectual property rights of the software on which the company provides this service belong to the company. Without the company's permission, no one may use (including but not limited to monitoring, copying, disseminating, displaying, mirroring, uploading, and downloading) the content in the "Today Toutiao" software and related services through any program or equipment such as robots or spiders.
10.2 You understand and agree that the text, pictures, videos, audios, etc. posted and uploaded when using the "Toutiao" software and related services are all originally created by you or have been legally authorized. The intellectual property rights of any content you upload and publish through "Toutiao" belong to you or the original copyright owner.
10.3 You know, understand and agree that, in order to continuously improve and provide you with better services, you upload, publish, transmit or disseminate content (including but not limited to text, pictures, images, audio , Video and/or audio in music, sound, dialogue, etc.), to authorize the company and its affiliates, control company, successor company to a worldwide, free, non-exclusive, sublicensable (through multiple levels) right ( Including but not limited to reproduction rights, information network dissemination rights, adaptation rights, compilation rights, modification rights, translation rights, production derivatives, performance and display rights), the scope of use includes but not limited to current or other websites, applications, Products or terminal equipment, etc. You hereby confirm and agree that the granting of the above rights includes the use of any publicity, promotion, advertisement and/or related marketing related to the content, "Toutiao"/"Toutiao.com", the company and/or the company's brand, and other related marketing. The right and permission to develop content (in whole or in part) in a way. For the avoidance of doubt, you agree that the authorization of the above rights includes the permission to use, copy, display, and disseminate the personal image, portrait, name, trademark, service mark, brand, name, logo, Company logo and other materials, materials, etc.
10.4 You confirm and agree to authorize the company to act in the company’s own name or entrust a professional third party to protect the content that infringes on the intellectual property rights you upload and publish. The forms of rights protection include but are not limited to: monitoring infringements, sending rights protection letters, filing lawsuits or In arbitration, mediation, reconciliation, etc., the company has the right to make decisions on rights protection matters and implement them independently.
10.5 The company provides technical support for the development and operation of "Today Toutiao", and enjoys all rights within the scope permitted by laws and regulations for all data and information generated during the development and operation of the "Today Toutiao" software and related services.
10.6 Please do not privately use any trademarks and services of the company including but not limited to "ByteDance", "Today's Toutiao", "Toutiaohao", "Toutiao" and "toutiao.com" under any circumstances. Marks, trade names, domain names, website names or other distinctive brand features, etc. (hereinafter collectively referred to as "logos"). Without the company’s prior written consent, you may not display, use, or apply for trademark registration, domain name registration, etc., with the aforementioned logos in these terms alone or in any combination, and you may not express or imply that you have the right to display, use, or other The right to deal with the behavior of these signs. If you violate this agreement and use the company's above-mentioned trademarks, logos, etc. to cause losses to the company or others, you shall bear all legal liabilities.
11. Disclaimer
11.1 You understand and agree that the "Toutiao" software and related services may be affected or interfered by a variety of factors, and the company does not guarantee (including but not limited to):
11.1.1 "Today Toutiao" software and related services are fully suitable for all user requirements;
11.1.2 "Toutiao" software and related services are not disturbed, timely, safe, reliable or without any errors; any software, services or other materials you obtain through the company meet the expectations of users;
11.1.3 Any errors in the "Toutiao" software and related services will be corrected.
11.2 If you have any suspected borrowing or other property-related network information, account passwords, advertisements or promotion information, please treat it with caution and make your own judgments. You will suffer from profit, business reputation, data loss or other tangible or intangible losses. Do not bear any direct, indirect, incidental, special, derivative or punitive compensation liability.
11.3 You understand and agree that you may encounter force majeure and other factors (force majeure refers to objective events that cannot be foreseen, cannot be overcome and cannot be avoided) in the process of using the "Toutiao" software and related services, including but not limited to natural disasters (such as Floods, earthquakes, typhoons, etc.), government actions, wars, strikes, riots, riots, etc. In the event of force majeure, the company will endeavor to repair it in a timely manner, but the company will be exempt from liability within the scope of laws and regulations for losses caused by force majeure.
11.4 The company obtains the right to deal with illegal content in accordance with this agreement. This right does not constitute an obligation or promise of the company, and the company cannot guarantee timely detection of illegal activities or corresponding treatment.
11.5 You understand and agree that the company does not provide any kind of express or implied warranties or conditions regarding the "Toutiao" software and related services, including but not limited to commercial marketability, applicability for specific purposes, etc. Your use of the "Toutiao" software and related services is at your own risk.
11.6 You understand and agree that this agreement is to ensure compliance with national laws and regulations, maintain public order and good customs, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of others. The company will do its utmost to make judgments in accordance with relevant laws and regulations within the scope of its ability, but it does not guarantee that the company's judgments are completely in line with the judicial authorities. , The administrative agency's judgment is consistent, if the consequences arising therefrom, you have understood and agreed to bear it yourself.
11.7 Under no circumstances will the company be liable for any indirect, consequential, punitive, incidental, special or penal damages, including the loss of profits you suffered from using the "Toutiao" software and related services. The company's full responsibility to you, regardless of the reason or the behavior, will never exceed the fees (if any) that you paid to the company for using the "Today Toutiao" software and related services during the membership period.
12. Special agreement on individual services and third-party services
12.1 "Today's Toutiao" software and related services include information or information content links obtained by the company in various legal ways, as well as other individual services legally operated by the company and/or its affiliates. You can open and use the above individual services in the "Toutiao" software. Certain individual services may require you to accept at the same time a specially formulated agreement or other rules that restrict you and the individual service provider. If necessary, you will be provided with these agreements in a conspicuous manner when you plan to use the aforementioned one-way service. Rules for your review and consent. Once you start to use the above services, it is deemed that you understand and accept the constraints of the relevant agreements and rules for the individual services. If the period of use is not indicated, or the period of use is not indicated as "permanent", "indefinite" or "unlimited", the period of use of these products or services is from the time the user starts using the product or service until the product or service is in use. Until the day when the "Today's Toutiao" software goes offline .
12.2 If you use software or related services provided by a third party in the "Toutiao" software, in addition to complying with this agreement and relevant rules of Toutiao, you may also need to agree to and abide by the third party's agreement, privacy policy and related rules. If disputes, losses or damages arising from third-party software and related services are resolved by you and the third party, the company does not assume any responsibility for you or any third party.
13. Terms of use for minors
13.1 If the user is a minor under the age of 18, he should read this agreement carefully under the guardianship, guidance and consent of the guardian before using the "Toutiao" software and related services.
13.2 The company attaches great importance to the protection of the personal information of minors. When filling in personal information, underage users should strengthen their awareness of personal protection and be cautious, and correctly use the "Toutiao" software and related services when instructed by their guardians.
13.3 Minor users understand that if you violate laws and regulations and the content of this agreement, you and your guardian shall bear all legal responsibilities that may arise therefrom in accordance with the law.
13.4 Special reminder for minor users:
13.4.1 Teenagers who use this software and related services should learn to use the Internet correctly within a reasonable range under the supervision and guidance of their guardians, avoid indulging in virtual cyberspace, and develop good Internet habits.
13.4.2 Young users must abide by the "National Youth Internet Civilization Convention":
(1) Be good at online learning and not browse bad information;
(2) To communicate honestly and friendly, not to insult or deceive others;
(3) Strengthen the awareness of self-care and do not date friends at will;
(4) To maintain network security and not disrupt network order;
(5) To be good for physical and mental health, and not to indulge in virtual time and space.
13.5 In order to better protect the privacy rights and interests of minors, the company reminds users to carefully publish content containing minor materials. Once published, it is deemed that the user agrees to the software and related services to display the information, portraits, voices, etc. of minors. And allow the company to use and process such content related to minors in accordance with this agreement.
14. Other
14.1 The establishment, entry into force, performance, interpretation and dispute resolution of this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the People’s Republic of China. If any provisions of this agreement are invalid or unenforceable due to conflicts with the laws of the People's Republic of China, these terms will be re-interpreted as close as possible to the original intent of this agreement, and other provisions of this agreement shall still have full force and effect.
14.2 The place of signing of this agreement is Haidian District, Beijing, People's Republic of China. If you have any disputes with the company due to this agreement, the two parties should try their best to resolve it through friendly negotiation; if the negotiation fails, you agree to submit the relevant dispute to the people's court where this agreement is signed for litigation.
14.3 In order to provide you with better services or national laws, regulations and policy adjustments, "Toutiao" and related services will be updated and changed from time to time. We will revise this agreement in due course, and these amendments form part of this agreement. After this agreement is updated, we will issue an updated version on "Today's Toutiao" and remind you of the updated content through the official website (www.toutiao.com) announcement or other appropriate methods before the updated terms take effect, so that you can understand in time For the latest version of this agreement, you can also check the latest version of the agreement terms on the homepage of the website or the software settings page. If you continue to use the "Toutiao" software and related services, you agree to accept the content of this revised agreement.
If you have any objections to the revised terms of the agreement, please stop logging in immediately or use the "Toutiao" software and related services. If you continue to log in or use the "Toutiao" software and related services, you will be deemed to have approved and accepted the revised terms of the agreement.
14.4 The headings in this agreement are provided for convenience and reading only, and do not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions in this agreement.
14.5 Both you and the company are independent subjects. In any case, this agreement does not constitute any form of express or implied guarantee or condition of the company to the user, nor does it constitute an agency, partnership, joint venture or employment relationship between the two parties.


