( Date Accessed: 6/02/2021, From: https://www.mcconnell.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/privacypolicy )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used:

)

Privacy Policy
Protetcing the personal privacy of individuals who use the Internet is a priority of mine. My Web site does not collect any personal information about you unless you request to be contacted about an issue, service or problem. Let me describe more specifically the type of non-sensitive information that may be gathered when you visit my Web site and how that information is handled.

Information Collected and Stored Automatically

The U.S. Senate collects aggregate data about visits to Senate Web sites, such as statistics that show which parts of each Web site were visited the most. The following information is also collected when you visit any U.S. Senate Web site: the domain from which you access the Senate Web site, the date and time of your visit, the pages you visit, and the address of the Web site, if any, that provided the link from which you reached the Senate site. This information is gathered only for the purpose of improving the on-line service we provide to visitors to all Senate Web sites.

No individual identifying or personal information (such as your name) is automatically gathered when you visit any Senate Web site. My Web site does not use 'cookies' or other means to track your visit to my site in any way. To learn more about the Senate's Internet security and privacy policy on-line, please visit this address: http://www.senate.gov/security.html.

If You Send Mitch McConnell Personal Information

My Web site is not configured to collect any personal information about you when you visit the site unless you choose to provide that information to us. My Web site has an on-line Web form that you can use to contact me by sending me an electronic mail message expressing your views or concerns or asking for assistance with a particular problem involving a federal agency. To send me e-mail, the on-line Web form asks you for your name, address and e-mail address. I use this information provided by you to contact you about the matter you expressed your views about and to provide any casework assistance I can regarding problems you may be experiencing in dealing with a government agency. This information will be available to members of my staff so they can help me in responding to your message or request.

If you are requesting help with a casework matter, it also may be necessary for my office to share the information you provide with the government agency from which you are requesting assistance, in order to respond to your request. My office will share no personal information communicated through my web site with any outside organization or individual, except when needed to perform constituent casework at your request, or in the course of an authorized law enforcement investigation or emergency posing an imminent risk to public safety. Such information will not be used, sold or offered for any commercial purposes

Links to Other Sites

My Web site has links to other useful sites on the Internet, including sites of other government agencies and sites relating to Kentucky . If you follow any link that takes you to a location that does not include 'senate.gov' in the address, you will have left the Senate Web server and you will need to refer to that site's own privacy policy.