( Date Accessed: 6/01/2021, From: https://www.adidas-group.com/en/service/privacy-statement/ )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used: 1
tel:+49 9132 84 0
)

PRIVACY NOTICE
OCTOBER 12, 2018

1. WHAT IS THIS ABOUT?
At adidas, privacy means fair play and transparency. This information (“Notice”) explains how adidas collects, uses, protects, keeps, shares and deletes (“process” and “processing”) your personal data while you visit this website or use the functionalities on this website. We also inform you about your rights as an affected person and how you can exercise these rights with adidas.

2. YOUR ADIDAS CONTROLLER
The controller of this website and on dealing with your personal data is:
ADIDAS AG
World of Sports
Adi-Dassler-Straße 1
91074 Herzogenaurach
Germany
+49 9132 84 0

When this document refers to “adidas”, “we” or “us”, we mean the adidas AG.

3. YOUR PERSONAL DATA - WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Which personal data we collect depends on how you use this website and related functionalities and which information you provide to us.
Contact us – To get in touch with us, you can use the contact form that is available on this website. Here we ask you to provide us with your full name, email address, country, the contact reason and your message. You may also provide a company name.
Device information – We collect the IP address, date and time of the visit, how long you remained on our website, the referral URL (if you came to our website via a different website or an advertisement), the pages visited on our website, your browser type, device type, versions and operating system, when you visit the website.
Subscription – When you subscribe to the newsletter, news feeds or press releases we ask you to provide your email address.

4. PURPOSES – WHY DO WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Interacting with you – We use your personal data to respond to your message and to provide you with the subscribed service. 
To continuously deliver first-class experience to you - We collect your device information in order to ensure the website is functioning properly, and to provide you with high-quality service when you are visiting the website and using its functionalities. Also, we are using Cookies and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience. You can find more information about how we use online tracking technologies in our Cookie Statement. 
Legal compliance & pursuing legitimate business interests - Your personal data are also processed to reach compliance with applicable laws and to pursue adidas’ legitimate business interests and legal rights, for example in connection with the enforcement of legal claims, the performance of compliance investigations and for regulatory and investigative purposes (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation).

5. LEGAL BASIS – WHAT IS THE LEGAL BASIS FOR US TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA? 
Contractual obligations – We will process your personal data to provide you with requested services and the functionalities of this website.
Your consent – Where you have given consent regarding the usage of your personal data, adidas will use your personal data as consented. For example, using your email address to send you newsletters. You are free to revoke your given consent for the future.
Enabling business & pursuing other legitimate interests – We will process your personal data to deliver a first-class user experience and to pursue further legitimate adidas interests. Always provided that adidas’ interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
Compliance with applicable laws – We will process your personal data to comply with our legal obligations.

6. SHARING – WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
For the abovementioned purposes your personal data may be shared with the following third parties in accordance with applicable laws:
Service Providers - We share your personal data with service providers, who help us to manage our business. Such service providers include hosting providers, IT service providers or consultants. 
Government Authorities, Law Enforcement Officials, Court of law - Your personal data may be shared with government authorities, law enforcement officials and/or courts of law if mandated by law or if required for the protection of our legitimate interests.

7. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER – WHAT SECURITY MEASURES DO WE HAVE IN PLACE IN CASE OF AN INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER?
adidas will protect your data, regardless of whether it is inside or outside the European Economic Area and regardless of whether it is processed by adidas or by service providers on behalf of adidas. 
Where data is transferred out of the European Economic Area, your personal data are in all cases adequately protected under appropriate safeguards such as E.U. Commission approved standard contractual clauses or an appropriate Privacy Shield certification.

8. SOCIAL MEDIA – WHAT SHOULD YOU BE AWARE OF WHEN USING SOCIAL MEDIA?
We provide Social Media plug-ins on this website which link directly to the respective Social Media website. When you decide to interact with a social network, information will be transferred to the respective Social Media website about your activity on this website and that you were referred to the Social Media website from this website. Also, in case you are logged on in one of the social networks during the visit on one of our websites, the social network might add this information to your Social Media profile. In case you do not wish such a data transfer, please log off from the respective social network before you enter one of our websites.
Please keep in mind that we cannot influence the data collection and data transfer via the Social Media plug-ins which link directly to the respective Social Media website. Therefore, please read the privacy policies of those social networks for detailed information about the collection and transfer of personal data, what rights you have and how you can achieve satisfactory privacy settings.

9. RETENTION – HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We erase your personal data if the retention of that personal data is no longer necessary. This depends on the purposes for which they were collected. 
Your Message –  In case you contact us, we will keep the information you provided until no longer required.
Device information – We store your device information in our systems for no longer than 7 days.
Subscription – In case you subscribe to the newsletter, news feeds and/or press releases, we keep your personal data until you unsubscribe from these services.
Please note – adidas has the right and sometimes is even obligated to retain certain information for a longer period of time. This period always complies with the legally permissible duration. 

10. SECURITY – HOW DOES ADIDAS SECURE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We have appropriate technical and organizational measures as well as contractual agreements in place to protect your personal data rights and to secure your personal data, including among other things against loss, falsification, or unauthorized access by third-parties. Please note that any transmission of your personal data through the internet is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal data we will use strict technical and organizational measures to protect your data. 

11. YOUR RIGHTS – WHAT ARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA RIGHTS?
We would like to give you an overview over what personal data rights you have: 
Access – You can ask adidas for a copy of your personal data. Unless otherwise specified, we will provide a copy of your personal data in a commonly used electronic form.
Correct your personal data – You can ask adidas to correct and amend the information you provided for the purposes of managing your subscriptions.
Deletion – If you no longer want to interact with us, you have the right to ask us to delete your personal data from our systems. 
Data Portability – You can also ask adidas to transfer your personal data to other organizations.
Restrict how we use and process your personal data – You can ask adidas to not process your personal data if you think our information about you is not accurate, or you contest our legal and legitimate business interests in processing your personal data.
Important Information – In some cases you need to confirm your identity before we can carry out your request. Please note that some of these rights are also subject to restrictions, such as a legal obligation and our right of defense of a legal claim. Where your request has been rejected, we will inform you accordingly and provide you with the relevant information.

12. QUESTIONS AND COMPLAINTS – WHO ARE MY CONTACTS?
Please contact us if you have any questions. Below you will find the right contact for your requests and questions. 
Contact the Global Privacy Officer or the Global Privacy Team – If you have questions about this Notice, complaints or wish to contact adidas for any other reason in relation to the processing of your personal data, if you want to have your personal data deleted or corrected or otherwise exercise your rights, please reach out to the Global Privacy Officer or the Global Privacy Team.
They can be reached at:
        adidas AG / Global Privacy Team
        Adi-Dassler-Straße 1
        91074 Herzogenaurach
        Germany
         email: adidasPrivacy@adidas.com

Contact your data protection authority – If you are not satisfied with the way we handle your rights, resolve any concerns or issues you have about how adidas processes your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority, or with the Data Protection Authority in Bavaria, Germany which is in charge for adidas. 
          Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutzaufsicht (BayLDA)
          Promenade 27
          91522 Ansbach 
          Germany
          Tel.: +49 (0) 981 53 1300
          email: poststelle@lda.bayern.de 

13. UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE – WILL THERE BE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
This Notice may be updated periodically. adidas will update the date at the beginning of this Notice accordingly and encourages you to check for changes that it has made, which will be available at the website. On some occasions, adidas may also actively advise you of specific data handling activities or significant changes to this Notice, as required by applicable law. 

