( Date Accessed: 6/01/2021, From: https://www.alesis.com/home/terms-of-use )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used: 2
https://www.alesis.com/home/privacy
mailto:support@inmusicbrands.com
)

inMusic Website Terms of Use
Legal Information & Notices

Website Ownership and Agreement to Terms of Use
inMusic Brands, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (“inMusic” or “us” or “we” or “Company”) maintain this website and/or our related services for your personal use, information, education, communication and enjoyment.
These Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms of Use”) apply to the inMusic web site located at www.inmusicbrands.com, and all associated sites linked to www.inmusicbrands.com by inMusic and/or owned by inMusic, its subsidiaries and affiliates, including inMusic sites around the world (collectively, the “Site”). The Site is the property of inMusic Brands, Inc. (“inMusic”) and its licensors.  Please read these Terms of Use carefully before accessing or using the Site, so that you fully understand your rights and responsibilities.  BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THE SITE.
inMusic reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time.  All changes will be effective immediately upon their posting on the Site. Material changes will be posted conspicuously on the Site. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. By accessing the Site following posting of changes to the Terms of Use, you accept and agree to all such changes. inMusic grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Site provided that you comply with these Terms of Use. 
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and inMusic with regard to your use of the Site, and any and all other written or oral agreements or understandings previously existing between you and inMusic with respect to such use are hereby superseded and cancelled. Other than as provided in a purchase agreement you enter into with inMusic, inMusic will not accept any counter-offers to these Terms of Use, and all such offers are hereby categorically rejected.
inMusic’s failure to insist on or enforce strict performance of these Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver by inMusic of any provision or any right it has to enforce these Terms of Use, nor shall any course of conduct between inMusic and you or any other party be deemed to modify any provision of these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use shall not be interpreted or construed to confer any rights or remedies on any third parties.
If any of the conditions of these Terms of Use shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and replaced with a valid provision that best embodies the intent of these Terms of Use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. 

Privacy Policy
By accessing and using this Site, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy, which are incorporated into these Terms of Use by this reference.  Additionally, by using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. You understand that any message or information you send to the Site may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission (for example, credit card information) is encrypted.
Content and Intellectual Property Rights
All copyrightable text, audio, video, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, charts, photographs, icons, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork, computer code, and the design, selection, and arrangement of content in any medium on the Site (collectively, “Content”), including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel” and arrangement of such Content, is owned, controlled or licensed by or to inMusic, and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.
INMUSIC®, AKAI PROFESSIONAL®, ALESIS®, ▲LTO®, BFD®, HEADRUSH®, ION®, MARQ®, M-AUDIO®, MIXMEISTER®, NUMARK®, RANE®, SONIVOX®, SOUNDSWITCH® and STANTON® are trademarks of inMusic, registered in the United States and other countries around the world.  Additionally, many proprietary product names and marks that appear on the Site are the trademarks of inMusic and may be registered in one or several categories of goods in the United States and/or in other countries around the world.  The distinctive and original layout and presentation of this Site also constitutes protectable trade dress under applicable federal law.   This is not a comprehensive list of all trademarks of inMusic and specifically does not include any common law trademarks of inMusic. The Site may also contain references to third-party marks.  All such names and marks mentioned in this Site are the trade names, trademarks or service marks of their respective owners.
Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, no part of the Site and no Content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way (including “mirroring”) to any other computer, server, Web site or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise, without inMusic’s express prior written consent.
Any unauthorized use of any trade dress, marks, or any other intellectual property belonging to Company or any third party is strictly prohibited, and may be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
Your Use of the Site
You may view, copy, print and use Content contained on this Site (including data sheets, knowledge base articles, and similar recorded materials) solely for your own personal purposes and provided that: (1) the Content available from this Site is used for informational and non-commercial purposes only; (2) no text, graphics or other content available from this Site is modified or framed in any way; (3) no graphics available from this Site are used, copied or distributed separate from accompanying text; (4) no additional representations or warranties relating to such Content is made; (5) the Content is not posted on any networked computer or broadcast in any media; and (6) you do not delete or modify any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices.
The use of any such Content for commercial purposes is expressly prohibited. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or other grant of right to use any patent, copyright, trademark, service mark or other intellectual property of inMusic or any third party, except as expressly provided herein.
You may not use any “deep-link”, “page-scrape”, “robot”, “spider” or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site. inMusic reserves the right to bar any such activity.
You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Site, or any other systems or networks connected to the Site or to any inMusic server, or to any of the services offered on or through the Site, by hacking, password “mining” or any other illegitimate means.
You may not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Site or any network connected to the Site, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Site or any network connected to the Site. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Site, or any other customer of inMusic, including any inMusic account not owned by you, to its source, or exploit the Site or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Site, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by the Site.
You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Site or inMusic’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Site or to inMusic.
You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any transaction being conducted on the Site, or with any other person’s use of the Site.
You may not use or export or re-export any Content or any copy or adaptation of such Content, or any product or service offered on the Site, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation United States export laws and regulations.
You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to inMusic on or through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site. You may not pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity.
You may not use the Site or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of inMusic or others.  
Purchases; Other Terms and Conditions
Orders are not binding upon inMusic until accepted by inMusic.  Payment must be processed by inMusic prior to an order being accepted. inMusic may, in its sole discretion, refuse or cancel any order and limit order quantity. inMusic may also require additional qualifying information prior to accepting or processing any order. Once we receive your order, inMusic will provide you with an email order confirmation. Your receipt of an order confirmation, however, does not signify inMusic’s acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell; inMusic is only confirming that we received your order. inMusic reserves the right at any time after receiving your order to accept or decline your order for any reason.  If we cancel an order after you have been billed, we will refund the billed amount.  inMusic sells and ships products through the Site to end-user customers only, and we reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order if we suspect you are purchasing products for resale.
inMusic cannot confirm the price of an item until you order. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalog may be mispriced because prices, product descriptions and availability can change quickly.  Therefore, inMusic does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information provided on the Site or in written materials and is not responsible for pricing, typographical or other errors.  If the correct price of an item sold by inMusic is higher than our stated price, inMusic will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.  If a product you purchase does not match the description on the Site, as your sole and exclusive remedy you may return the product, unused, and receive a refund.
Orders through the Site may be paid for using the following methods: VISA, MasterCard, American Express, Discover and inMusic gift cards. You represent and warrant that if you are purchasing something from us that (i) any credit information you supply is true and complete, (ii) charges incurred by you will be honored by your credit card company, and (iii) you will pay the charges incurred by you at the posted prices, including any applicable taxes.
Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods or services and to specific portions or features of the Site, including contests, promotions or other similar features, all of which terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. You agree to abide by such other terms and conditions, including where applicable representing that you are of sufficient legal age to use or participate in such service or feature. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms posted for or applicable to a specific portion of the Site or for any service offered on or through the Site, the latter terms shall control with respect to your use of that portion of the Site or the specific service.
inMusic may make changes to any products or services offered on the Site, or to the applicable prices for any such products or services, at any time, without notice. The materials on the Site with respect to products and services may be out of date, and inMusic makes no commitment to update the materials on the Site with respect to such products and services.
Accounts, Passwords and Security
Certain Content, features or services offered on or through the Site may require you to open an account (including setting up an inMusic ID and password). If you choose to register with this Site, your account is personal to you, and you may not share your account information with, or allow access to your account by any third party. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information you hold for your account, including your password, and for any and all activity that occurs under your account as a result of your failing to keep this information secure and confidential.  Because you will be responsible for all activity that occurs under your access credentials, you should keep your username and password secret.  You agree to notify inMusic immediately by e-mail to support@inmusicbrands.com of any unauthorized use of your account or password, or any other breach of security. You are solely responsible for your own losses and losses incurred by inMusic and others (including other users) due to any unauthorized use of your inMusic ID, password or account.
You may not use anyone else’s inMusic ID, password or account at any time without the express permission and consent of the holder of that inMusic ID, password or account. inMusic cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.
Links to Other Sites and to the inMusic Site
This Site may link to, or be linked to, other independent third-party Web sites (“Linked Sites”). These Linked Sites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors. Such Linked Sites are not, directly or indirectly, under inMusic’s control.  inMusic is not implying any approval, association, sponsorship, endorsement or affiliation with the Linked Sites.  inMusic has not reviewed all Linked Sites and is not responsible for the content, accuracy, or policies of such Linked Sites, including any information or materials contained on such Linked Sites. You will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction with these Linked Sites.  You visit the Linked Sites at your own risk, and your use of the Linked Sites will be controlled by the terms of use posted on the Linked Sites. You should review the terms of use of any website to which you navigate.
THE SITE MAY CONTAIN LINKS TO OR BE ACCESSED THROUGH LINKS ON WEBSITES OF INMUSIC DEALERS OR DISTRIBUTORS WHO ARE INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS AND ARE NOT AGENTS OF INMUSIC. INMUSIC IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT, AVAILABLITY, OPERATION OR PERFORMANCE OF WEBSITES OF INMUSIC DEALERS OR DISTRIBUTORS, OR ANY OTHER SITES, TO WHICH THE SITE MAY BE LINKED OR FROM WHICH THE SITE MAY BE ACCESSED.
Reference to any product, recording, event, process, publication, service, or offering of any third party by artist name, trade name, trademark, company name or otherwise does not necessarily constitute or imply the endorsement or recommendation of such by company. Any views expressed by third parties on this Site (including recorded interviews) are solely the views of such third party and inMusic assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or veracity of any statement made by such third party.
Disclaimers
REASONABLE EFFORTS ARE TAKEN TO ENSURE THE ACCURACY AND INTEGRITY OF INFORMATION AND RELATED CONTENT PROVIDED BY INMUSIC ON THE SITE.  NEVERTHELESS, INMUSIC DOES NOT GUARANTY, WARRANT OR PROMISE THAT ANY INMUSIC PROPERTY, THIS SITE OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICE OR FEATURE OF THIS SITE WILL BE FREE OF ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS OR WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ALL TIMES AND UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS. THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE DELIVERED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS-AVAILABLE” BASIS. ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. INMUSIC CANNOT ENSURE THAT ANY FILES OR OTHER DATA YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THE SITE WILL BE ACCURATE, TIMELY, COMPLETE, CORRECT, RELIABLE, USEFUL FOR YOUR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SECURE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. INMUSIC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. INMUSIC DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS, OMISSIONS AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE, ANY INMUSIC PROPERTY AND/OR ANY INMUSIC SERVICES. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF INMUSIC PROPERTIES, THE SITE AND ANY LINKED SITES. YOUR SOLE REMEDY AGAINST INMUSIC FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH ANY INMUSIC PROPERTY, THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT IS TO STOP USING THE INMUSIC PROPERTY, THE SITE OR ANY SUCH CONTENT. THIS LIMITATION OF RELIEF IS A PART OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES.
The above disclaimer applies to any damages, liability or injuries caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence or any other cause of action.
This Site may be unavailable from time to time due to mechanical, telecommunication, software, and third-party vendor failures. inMusic cannot predict or control when such downtime may occur and cannot control the duration of such downtime.
inMusic reserves the right to do any of the following, at any time, without notice: (1) to modify, suspend or terminate operation of or access to the Site, or any portion of the Site, for any reason; (2) to modify or change the Site, or any portion of the Site, and any applicable policies or terms; and (3) to interrupt the operation of the Site, or any portion of the Site, as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, or other changes.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from inMusic or in any manner from the Site creates any warranty.
Limitation of Liability
You acknowledge and agree (1) that your use of the Site and any material, information or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Site is at your discretion and risk, and (2) that you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or for loss of data that results from the download of any material, information or data, and for any other form of damage that may be incurred. 
Except where prohibited by law, in no event will inMusic or any of its officers, representatives, directors, employees, consultants or agents be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever (including without limitation, damages for loss of use, data, information, profits or business interruption) arising out of or in any way related to the use or performance of the Site or any Linked Site or to any material, information, data, products, or services obtained through the Site, or otherwise arising out of your use of the Site, your inability to use the Site or any decision made or action taken by you in reliance of any information, advice or materials provided on the Site, whether such damages are based in tort, contract, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if inMusic has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Your sole and exclusive remedy is to stop accessing and using this inMusic.
If, notwithstanding the other provisions of these Terms of Use, inMusic is found to be liable to you for any damage or loss which arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of the Site or any Content, inMusic’s liability shall in no event exceed the greater of (1) the total of any subscription or similar fees with respect to any service or feature of or on the Site paid in the six months prior to the date of the initial claim made against inMusic (but not including the purchase price for any inMusic hardware or software products or any support program), or (2) US$100.00. Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations of liability, so the foregoing limitation may not apply to you.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless inMusic, its officers, directors, shareholders, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates, representatives, employees, consultants and agents from any and all demands, losses, expenses, claims, liabilities, attorneys’ fees, damages and costs for claims arising from or related to your use of the Site, your use of any material, information or data downloaded or otherwise obtained from the Site, or your violation of these Terms of Use, including your infringement of any intellectual property or other right of inMusic or any other person or entity.
Violation of These Terms of Use
inMusic may disclose any information we have about you (including your identity) if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Site, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) inMusic’s rights or property, or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Site, including inMusic’s customers. inMusic reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that inMusic deems necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. inMusic also may disclose your information when inMusic determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes.
You acknowledge and agree that inMusic may preserve any transmittal or communication by you with inMusic through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site, and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or inMusic determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process, (2) enforce these Terms of Use, (3) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others, or (4) protect the rights, property or personal safety of inMusic, its employees, users of or visitors to the Site, and the public.
You agree that inMusic may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Site and/or block your future access to the Site if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Site. You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to inMusic, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to inMusic obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that inMusic deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies inMusic may have at law or in equity.
If inMusic does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms of Use, inMusic will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to inMusic. You agree that inMusic will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the Site as a result of any violation of these Terms of Use.
Governing Law; Dispute Resolution
You agree that all matters relating to your access to or use of the Site, including all disputes, will be governed by the laws of the United States and by the laws of the State of Rhode Island without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions. You agree to the personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts in Providence County, Rhode Island, and waive any objection to such jurisdiction or venue. The preceding provision regarding venue does not apply if you are a consumer based in the European Union. If you are a consumer based in the European Union, you may make a claim in the courts of the country where you reside. Any claim under these Terms of Use must be brought within one (1) year after the cause of action arises, or such claim or cause of action is barred. Claims made under the separate terms and conditions of purchase for goods and services are not subject to this limitation. No recovery may be sought or received for damages other than out-of-pocket expenses, except that the prevailing party will be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. In the event of any controversy or dispute between inMusic and you arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site, the parties shall attempt, promptly and in good faith, to resolve any such dispute. If we are unable to resolve any such dispute within a reasonable time (not to exceed thirty (30) days), then either party may submit such controversy or dispute to mediation. If the dispute cannot be resolved through mediation, then the parties shall be free to pursue any right or remedy available to them under applicable law.
Void Where Prohibited
inMusic administers and operates the www.inmusicbrands.com Site from its location in Cumberland, Rhode Island, USA; other inMusic sites may be administered and operated from various locations outside the United States. The Site may be accessed by users worldwide and may contain references or cross references to inMusic products, features, programs and services that are not available in your country. Such references do not imply that inMusic intends to make available in your country such products, programs or services or that such products may lawfully be used in or imported into your country. inMusic reserves the right to limit, in its sole discretion, the provision and quantity of any feature, product or service to any person or geographic area. inMusic reserve the right without prior notice to discontinue models, parts and accessories, and other items or change specifications at any time without incurring any obligations to any party.  Any offer for any feature, product or service made on the Site is void where prohibited. If you choose to access the Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws.
Feedback and Information
Should any user of this Site send any feedback or data, such as ideas, comments, suggestions or questions regarding any Company product or service or the Content of this Site, such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and Company shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and shall be free to reproduce, use disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation. Further, Company shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products incorporating such ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques.
Electronic Communications
You agree that these Terms of Use and any other documentation, agreements, notices or communications between you and inMusic may be provided to you electronically, to the extent permissible by law. Please print a copy of all documentation, agreements, notices or other communications for your reference.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms of Use, please contact us at:
inMusic Brands, Inc.
200 Scenic View Drive
Cumberland, RI 02864, USA.
Attn: Legal
The information contained in this web site is subject to change without notice.
Copyright © 2012-2020 inMusic Brands, Inc. All rights reserved.
Updated by inMusic Legal on August 17, 2020.

