( Date Accessed: 6/02/2021, From: https://www.asos.com/terms-and-conditions/ )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used: 19
https://www.asos.com/customer-care/
https://www.asos.com/customer-care/get-in-touch/
https://www.asos.com/customer-care/help/?help=/app/ask
https://www.asos.com/customer-care/
https://www.asos.com/customer-care/payment-promos-gift-vouchers/how-does-pay-later-with-klarna-work-in-the-uk/
https://www.asos.com/customer-care/payment-promos-gift-vouchers/how-does-pay-later-in-3-with-klarna-work/
https://www.asos.com/customer-care/payment-promos-gift-vouchers/how-does-clearpay-work/
http://www.asos.com/customer-service/delivery
https://www.asos.com/customer-care/returns-refunds/what-is-your-returns-policy/
https://www.asos.com/customer-care/payment-promos-gift-vouchers/how-does-clearpay-work/
https://www.asos.com/customer-care/payment-promos-gift-vouchers/how-does-pay-later-in-3-with-klarna-work/
https://www.asos.com/payments-and-deliveries/returns/
https://www.asos.com/customer-care/payment-promos-gift-vouchers/can-you-help-me-with-my-promo-code/
https://www.asos.com/customer-care/payment-promos-gift-vouchers/how-do-i-use-my-gift-voucher-to-pay-for-an-order/
http://www.asos.com/infopages/pgeprivacy.aspx
mailto:privacy@bazaarvoice.com
https://www.asos.com/customer-care/get-in-touch/send-an-email/
https://twitter.com/ASOS_Heretohelp
https://www.retailadr.org.uk/
)

Terms & Conditions

The legal bits…
We’re ASOS.com Limited (company number 3584121), a company registered in England and Wales. Our HQ is at Greater London House, Hampstead Road, London NW1 7FB.
When you shop with us (or access our services, apps and websites (our “Websites”)), these terms apply. They’re important for both of us as they set out what we expect from each other, and they also give you helpful info. You can also find out more on our Help pages (which also form part of these terms). Of course, if you need anything else, get in touch with Customer Care– we always love to hear from you!
We keep these terms and Help pages updated and we amend them every so often, so remember to check back in before you shop, as the latest set will apply.


About you
To shop with us, you need to:
•	be at least 16 years old; 
•	have a credit or debit card that we accept (see bottom of page for details of current payment providers); and
•	be authorised to use that credit or debit card (e.g. it is in your name or you have permission to use it).
 
Just FYI, some of the goods sold through our Websites may not be suitable for under 18s.


Placing an order
When you place an order, you should receive an acknowledgement e-mail confirming receipt of your order. We then carry out a standard pre-authorisation check to make sure there’s enough money on the card.
We only accept your order once payment has been approved and we have debited the payment card (and then the contract is made based on these terms).
You may be able to cancel (not change) your order within a short period of ordering – timings depend on your chosen delivery method (and will be set out in the acknowledgement email). You can’t change your order – you’ll need to cancel (and/or return original item(s)), and re-order.
All orders are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price. Don’t worry, if there’s an issue with an order, we’ll get in touch with you.
Very occasionally, we may need to refuse or cancel an order or close or freeze an account (even if we have previously confirmed your order) – e.g. if we notice something unusual on an order or an account. If this happens to you and you think we’ve made a mistake, please don’t take offence – get in touch with Customer Care and they’ll be happy to speak to you about it.


Using Klarna or Clearpay?
Using Klarna or Pay Later in 3 with Klarna to try before you buy? Some different terms apply – see here for more details on Pay Later with Klarna and here for more details on Pay Later in 3 with Klarna. 
Using Clearpay pay in 4 to try before you buy? Some different terms apply – see here for more details on Clearpay.


Prices and product descriptions
There’s a lot going on here at ASOS HQ and from time to time our busy ASOSers may price up or describe a product or promo wrongly. If we discover an error for any goods you’ve ordered, we will tell you ASAP and give you the option of reconfirming your order (at the correct price) or cancelling it.

If we can’t get in touch with you, we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you’ve already paid, we will refund you in full.

Prices include VAT (where applicable).

Depending on the value of your order or the delivery option or address you choose, delivery costs may also be charged (see below). Such additional charges will be clearly shown during the checkout process and included in the 'Total Cost'.


Delivery
Before you finalise your order, you’ll be given various delivery options to choose from with estimated delivery time and dates depending on the delivery address. 
We work our ASOS socks off to try to meet all delivery times but sometimes there may be delays – e.g. because of postal/carrier delays, logistics or bad weather. We will keep you updated as much as we can and you should be able to track your parcel’s progress. 
Please check out our Delivery and Returns Page for more info. Any problems with your delivery? Please let us know within 30 days of the date which your order should have been delivered and we’ll do our best to help you.


Returns and refunds
Check out our returns and refunds policy here.
Returning an unwanted item?
We get it, sometimes something just doesn't work for you and you want your money back. Don't worry, as long as an item is still in its original condition, we accept returns for free, subject to the rules below, which includes rules around Fair Use.
If you return an item requesting a refund within 28 days of the item being delivered to you or available for collection, we'll give you a full refund by way of the original payment method. 
We aim to refund you within 14 days of receiving the returned item.
If you request a refund for an item during the above time frames but you can't return it to us for some reason, please get in touch – but any refund will be at our discretion.
After that?
We don't accept returns for unwanted items after the relevant returns period above. If you try to make a return, we may have to send it back to you and ask you to cover the delivery costs.
What happens to my return if I ordered using Klarna or Clearpay?
If you've placed an order with Clearpay, Pay Later with Klarna or Pay Later in 3 with Klarna, you’ll be paying for your order in regular instalments or within 30 days of it being placed. If you return an item within 28 days of it being delivered to you or available for collection, we'll give you a full refund.

To find out more, click here for Clearpay and here for Pay Later in 3 with Klarna.
Proof of postage
We strongly recommend you get proof of postage and follow our returns process (for more information on how to return, see here). Our returns address is:
Clipper Logistics plc, Barlby Road, Selby, YO8 5BL, UK
Keep it clean
Hygiene and your and all of our customers’ safety is super important, so certain items can’t be returned for refunds including:
•	  Face + Body products if opened, used or protective seal is not intact
•	 Underwear if the hygiene seal is not intact or any labels have been broken
•	  Swimwear if the hygiene seal is not intact or any labels have been broken
•	  Pierced jewellery if the seal has been tampered with or is broken.
None of this affects your statutory rights.
Original condition
All returned items should be sent back to us in their original condition together with the original packaging and all ASOS and brand tags.
Footwear – only try on footwear on carpeted floors to protect the soles. They must also be returned with the original box (if any) and original any shoe or dust bags (if any).
All items are inspected on return. Of course, it’s fine to try an item on like you would in a store, but don’t actually wear or use it. When trying on clothing please be careful with the item (don’t use unnecessary force) and don’t wear make-up, perfume, cologne, deodorant or antiperspirant as these can mark and leave scents on the item.
 If an item is returned to us worn, used, damaged or in an unsaleable condition, or where the above instructions have not been followed, we won’t be able to give you a refund and we may have to send it back to you and ask you to cover the delivery costs. Alternatively, we (at our sole discretion) may choose to reduce your refund to reflect any reduction in the value of an item.
None of this affects your statutory rights.
 
Fair use
If we notice an unusual pattern of returns activity that doesn’t sit right: e.g. we suspect someone is actually wearing their purchases and then returning them, ordering and returning loads – way, waaay more than even the most loyal ASOS customer would order or the items returned don’t match what you ordered , or where we refuse multiple returns by you (see ‘When we may withhold issuing a refund’ below) – then we might have to deactivate the account and any associated accounts. If this happens to you and you think we’ve made a mistake, please get in touch with Customer Care and we’ll be happy to discuss it with you.
If your account has been deactivated and you need to make a valid return, contact Customer Care. They’ll give you a returns label although you will be responsible for the cost of returning the goods to us.
Please note, we reserve the right to take legal action against you if the items you return don’t match what you ordered.
This doesn’t affect your statutory rights.
When we may withhold issuing a refund
We will refuse a return:
•	on grounds of hygiene (see ‘Keep It Clean’ above); or 
•	 if an item has been damaged, soiled , washed, altered or worn, or if the original tags or labels are no longer intact and/ or attached to the relevant item (see ‘Original Condition’ above); or
•	if the item(s) returned to us do not match what you received; or
•	If you have returned items after expiry of the returns period (see ‘Returning an unwanted item?’ above).
If we refuse a return for any of these reasons, we will not issue you with a refund and we will send the item(s) back to you. If you attempt to return a refused item a second time, we will dispose of the returned item in a responsible way and we will continue to withhold a refund.
In certain cases, for example where we have had to refuse multiple returns by you, or there are suspicious circumstances relating to the return, we might also have to deactivate your account and any associated accounts (see ‘Fair Use’ above).  
If any of the above happens to you and you think we’ve made a mistake, please get in touch with Customer Care and we’ll be happy to discuss it with you.
This does not affect your statutory rights.


Promo Codes
From time to time, we may give you Promo Codes that you can use to reduce the price of specified products. Remember, it’s up to you to enter the code at checkout! 
Head over to our Customer Care pages for full details on Promo Codes and the rules on how to use them – but here are some key things to remember:
Each Promo Code has its own terms, which will be made clear at the time it’s issued to you (e.g. what products, single/multiple use, when it can be used etc).
Unless we tell you otherwise, Promo Codes can’t be used to buy ASOS Premier, ASOS Gift Vouchers or on ASOS Marketplace.
If you’re given a unique Promo Code that is meant just for you (e.g. a student Promo Code) please keep it secret and don’t let anyone else use it or abuse it (e.g. don’t post it on social media). If we think there is or has been misuse of a Promo Code in any way (e.g. selling it or sharing it with others), we can cancel your Promo Code and/or suspend or even close your account without telling you. 
We don’t like to do this, but if a Promo Code can’t run properly because someone or something is spoiling the fun for everyone – e.g. fraud, tampering, technical errors or anything else that is beyond our control that affects the running or fairness of the Promo Code – we can cancel, modify or suspend the Promo Code. 
 

Gift Vouchers and Gift Cards
If you’re the lucky recipient of an ASOS Gift Voucher or ASOS Gift Card (high five!) head over to our Help pages to find out how and when your gift card or voucher can be used. A few points to bear in mind:
It’s best to lock your Gift Voucher or Gift Card to your ASOS account ASAP to keep it safe. 
Gift Vouchers and Gift Cards can’t be used to buy ASOS Gift Vouchers or on ASOS Marketplace.
If you’re being super generous and buying someone else an ASOS Gift Voucher, please make sure you get their email address correct! If you get it wrong and the Gift Voucher is emailed to someone else who uses it, there’s not much we can do. Check, double check and even triple check before you buy it.
Speaking of emails, sometimes pesky (but useful) spam filters send our emails into junk or spam folders. So, if you’ve not been thanked for your generous gift, it’s worth giving them a nudge because there might be something wonderful waiting for them in their junk or spam folder!
Gift vouchers bought with UK as the browsing country will expire 2 years from the date of receipt. Gift vouchers bought with the US as the browsing country do not have an expiry date. Gift vouchers bought from an ASOS browsing country outside of the US or the UK will expire 10 years from the date of receipt.
ASOS reserves the right to cancel any Gift Vouchers in its sole discretion where fraud or misuse is suspected. 


Your information
Our Privacy Policy sets out how we’ll use your information. If your details change, remember that you need to update  My Account so we can continue giving you our best service (you can also update your marketing preferences there).
At ASOS, we love being able to interact with and chat to you through social media. However, we can’t control those social media platforms or how you set your profiles on them. Please check and set your privacy settings so that you understand and are comfortable with how your personal information on those platforms will be used. 


Things you shouldn’t do…
We know it’s obvious, but you must not misuse or tamper with our websites, apps or other services (“Websites”) (e.g. hack, introduce viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other technologically harmful material or carry out denial of service attacks etc) or otherwise mess with our tech or functionality or steal our or our customers’ data. Doing any of these things may be a criminal offence, but they also get in the way of us giving our loyal ASOS customers the best service, so we take them really seriously. ASOS will report any such breach or activity (and all information about the people carrying it out) to the relevant law enforcement authorities. 
We recommend you use virus protection software when using any website, including ours. Although we have a dedicated team who work hard to stop people messing with our Website, we can’t guarantee that it will always be secure from bugs, viruses or trouble-makers.
Oh, and you’re not allowed to use automated systems or software to extract data from our Website (AKA 'screen scraping'). 
Troublemakers take note: you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless ASOS, its directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, and affiliates, from any and all third-party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, legal fees) arising from your use (or misuse) of this Website or your breach of the Terms and Conditions.
 

Intellectual property, software and content
ASOS owns or has permission to use the intellectual property rights in its Website and its content. These rights are protected around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You’re allowed to store, print and display our Website content only for your own personal use. You are not allowed to use any part of the Website for commercial purposes unless you have our express permission.
You’re also not allowed to use the ASOS logo or any ASOS brand or trade mark (or any marks which are colourably similar) without our express permission.
By submitting a product review or rating to ASOS you agree to comply with the Bazaarvoice terms of use which can be viewed when submitting a rating via the Bazaarvoice platform. For more information on these terms of use please contact privacy@bazaarvoice.com.


Linking to this Website
It’s fine for you to link to asos.com, as long as you do so in a way that is not-commercial, is fair and legal, and doesn’t damage or take advantage of our reputation. 
Please don’t link in a way that suggests any form of approval or endorsement by ASOS where none exists. 
Our Website must not be framed on any other site without our permission.
 

Complaints or need to speak to us?
Occasionally things do go wrong and you may want to get in touch with us. If that happens, please contact our Customer Care team, who will work with you to resolve any issues you’re having with our services:
•	Email us here.
•	Post: ASOS Customer Care, Hercules Way, Leavesden Park, Leavesden, Watford, WD25 7GR
 
If Customer Care are unable to resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you may refer your complaint to: 
The Retail ADR
•	Post: The Retail ADR,12-14 Walker Avenue, Stratford Office Village, Wolverton Mill, Milton Keynes, MK12 5TW (Tel: +44 20 3540 8063)
•	Email the Retail ADR at enquiries@cdrl.org.uk
 

Legal stuff
We have the right to amend, remove or vary our services and/or any part of the Website (including our Ts&Cs) at any time.
These terms and our dealings with you are subject to English law and the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
 

User Generated Content
Have we reached out to you on social media to feature your content on our social media channels? Congrats! It means we love your style.
By giving you the opportunity to feature your content on our social media channels and by responding with the required hashtag (such as #YesASOS) you agree:
•	we can use your handle and the content (the “Content”) on ASOS.com, marketplace.asos.com, collusion.com and/or on any of ASOS’ social media platforms (including but not limited to Instagram, Facebook and Twitter).
•	we can edit, crop, adapt, enhance or modify the Content (but ASOS will not treat you in a derogatory manner).
You promise that you:
•	have the permission of everyone in the Content;
•	have the right to grant ASOS the above rights; and
•	are at least 16.
If you (or anyone in the Content) asks us to remove the Content, we will remove the Content from the social media accounts that we control.
You understand that other users of these social media platforms can also share and make use of the Content once posted.  In particular, a user of these platforms can take a screenshot of and save an image of the Content to their device, share the Content on social media platforms or websites which feature the Content (and sharing capabilities). If you do not want to grant the permissions set out above then please do not give us consent to use the Content.

