( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://www.chick-fil-a.com/legal)

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used: 2
https://www.chick-fil-a.com/legal#terms_and_conditions
https://www.chick-fil-a.com/legal#How%20We%20Use%20Your%20Information
)

Chick-fil-A One® Terms & Conditions

Last Updated: May 14, 2021

These terms and conditions govern the Chick-fil-A One Membership Program with respect to enrollments beginning August 1, 2018 or later (the “Program”).

The Chick-fil-A One Membership Program is operated by Chick-fil-A, Inc. (“Chick-fil-A”) and subject to the specific Terms and Conditions provided below as well as the Terms and Conditions of Use available at www.chick-fil-a.com/legal (“Terms and Conditions of Use”, incorporated here by this reference) (collectively with these Chick-fil-A One Terms & Conditions, the “Terms”). Defined terms from the Terms and Conditions of Use not otherwise defined below are incorporated here by this reference.

Eligibility. Participation in the Program is limited to persons residing in the United States who are eligible to use CFA Online Services. You must be at least 13 years of age to participate in the Program or to redeem Guest Offers (as defined below). Individuals under the age of majority in their jurisdiction must obtain permission from a parent or legal guardian to participate in the Program. Certain aspects of the Program are only available to those who are at least 18 years of age. Chick-fil-A One accounts are limited to one individual per account. For the avoidance of doubt, only natural persons transacting in their personal capacity and for their own account are eligible to participate. No business entities, third-party aggregators, organizations, or groups may register for the Program or earn Points (as defined below).

Program Description. The Program is a customer loyalty program that allows a Member (as defined below) to receive and redeem loyalty points (“Points”) for Rewards (as defined below) and Member Benefits (as defined below) on an individual basis for their own account. A Member may receive Points and Member Benefits based on their Membership Tier (as described below) through qualifying purchases, participating in activities or events, achieving certain Program milestones, or other actions or opportunities as may be presented by Chick-fil-A from time to time. These Terms provide a general overview of the Program. For more information on receiving, calculating, or redeeming Points, Rewards, Membership Tiers and Member Benefits, features and experiences, please visit the Chick-fil-A One Program page.

There is no fee associated with the Program. Participation in the Program is personal and non-transferable. Points, Membership Tiers, Rewards and Member Benefits may not be gifted, purchased, sold, bartered, brokered or otherwise transferred, except that the Program may allow a Member to donate or gift Points and/or Rewards in certain limited instances. Points, Rewards, and Member Benefits available via the Program have no cash value, are not redeemable for cash, gift certificates or gift cards, are purely promotional, and do not constitute property of any participant. No portion of any payment for purchases qualifying for the Program or any Points, Membership Tier, Member Benefits, or Rewards constitute consideration paid for any of the foregoing. Chick-fil-A reserves the right to limit the redemption of specific Rewards and Member Benefits and limit the number of Points, Rewards, and Member Benefits available.

Joining the Program. To participate and enjoy the full benefits of the Program and be eligible for the benefits of a Membership Tier, eligible individuals must enroll and become a member of the Program (“Member”). Chick-fil-A reserves the right to limit participation and enrollment at any time.

How to Sign Up. To become a Member, you must have a valid Chick-fil-A One account. Sign-up for a Chick-fil-A One account by:

Downloading the Chick-fil-A App (“App”) to your Android® or iPhone® device and follow the prompts to access account sign-up and/or sign-in page in the App.
Following the prompts at www.chick-fil-a.com/One to create an online account.
Joining through a special promotion or event offered by Chick-fil-A from time to time.
Upon sign-up, you will be required to provide the requested information, including, but not limited to, name, password, and e-mail address. Chick-fil-A may periodically request additional information to help us get to know you better. You agree to provide true and accurate information and to ensure that information provided by you is up-to-date and accurate. Communications with you will be made using contact information most recently provided by you. Chick-fil-A is not responsible for your inability to receive or redeem Points, Member Benefits, or Rewards or any other loss arising from your failure to provide and maintain accurate contact information.

Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants may send you messages from time to time using the contact information provided by you. Such messages may include system updates, flash bulletins, marketing communications or event notifications, Program confirmations, administrative announcements, special requests and the like. These may be sent via notifications in the App, via e-mail, regular mail, or communicated to you on a receipt or display at the time of use of your Chick-fil-A One account.

User Conduct. By joining the Program, you agree to remain courteous and respectful toward employees, contractors, and agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators, partners and other Members. You agree not to harass, abuse, stalk, intimidate, threaten or engage in any conduct that harms, harasses, or offends any employees, contractors or agents of Chick-fil-A, its Affiliates, franchised Operators, or partners engaged in the provision of services, including the delivery of any orders, or any other Members or third parties.

Reward Points and Membership Tiers. The benefits available to a Member through the Program are based on Membership Tier and the number of Points that the Member receives through participation in the Program. Chick-fil-A is under no obligation to provide Members with any particular number of Point-earning opportunities or special offers, or to send messages to them.

Points. Points are automatically tracked at the time of the qualifying purchase, transaction or activity. Points for any single qualifying purchase or activity may only be credited to one (1) Chick-fil-A One account. Points will be credited to the Chick-fil-A One account upon consummation of the qualifying transaction or activity garnering Points. In certain cases, it may take twenty-four (24) hours or more for Points to be credited. Chick-fil-A shall not be responsible for, or liable to, any Member, person or entity, in any way, for any losses, costs or expenses incurred by a delay or error in crediting Points or Membership Tier benefits to a Member's Chick-fil-A One account.

Available Points totals for a Member account will be displayed in the Member’s Chick fil A One account in the App or online at www.chick-fil-a.com/MyProfile/Points.

Purchase Activity. You will receive Points for qualifying purchases and transactions following enrollment as a Member in the Program based on your Membership Tier by completing one of the following purchases at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant: (1) placing and completing an online order (via CFA Online Services) for a qualifying purchase through the App or other CFA Online Service; (2) using your Digital Gift Card via an in-App QR Code or other CFA Online Service; (3) scanning the digital code linking to your Chick-fil-A One account at checkout at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant; and (5) entering your Chick-fil-A One membership number and required information from your receipt from purchase at www.chick-fil-a.com/MissedTransactions within thirty (30) days after the purchase date. Certain purchases and transactions do not qualify, including, without limitation: (i) purchases of Chick-fil-A gift cards or gift certificates; (ii) purchases or transactions made using Points, Rewards or other promotional item (such as a Digital Offer Card, Be Our Guest card or Guest Offer (as defined below)); or (iii) catering purchases made as a guest (e.g. made while not signed in to your Chick-fil-A One account), whether made in-store, online or through the App.

For clarification, orders made through third-party food delivery platforms (e.g., Doordash, Grubhub, UberEats, etc.) are not qualifying purchases and will not count toward a Membership Tier or earn Points. These purchases are not eligible to earn Points as a missed transaction request. Orders placed by or on behalf of third-party aggregators, groups, organizations, and business entities will not generate qualifying purchases and will not count toward your Membership Tier or earn Points.

You will not receive Points for any amounts paid in delivery fees, surcharges, sales, use or other transactional taxes.

Milestones, Events, Promotional Activities. From time to time, Chick-fil-A or others acting with our permission may offer Members opportunities to earn Points, such as by inviting the Member to engage in certain promotional activities, upon achieving certain Program milestones, or other actions or opportunities as may be presented. Points for such activities or milestones will be awarded as described in the applicable offer and will be subject to any additional terms set forth with that offer.

Membership Tiers. Each Member will be assigned a member level status: Chick-fil-A One, Chick-fil-A One Silver, Chick-fil-A One Red, or Chick-fil-A One Signature (each, a “Membership Tier”) based on the number of Points that Member receives in his/her Chick-fil-A One member account each year (the “Rewards Year”) from that Member’s qualifying purchases and participation in other activities and opportunities during that Rewards Year. Details regarding the Membership Tiers and how the Rewards Year is calculated are available through the Chick-fil-A One Program page. Once a Member reaches a certain Membership Tier status, the Member will retain that Membership Tier status for the remainder of that year and the next Rewards Year. Membership Tier status is determined annually, and a Member must meet the requirements for a particular Membership Tier status each Rewards Year or that status will not be maintained. Points from one Rewards Year do not roll over to a subsequent Rewards Year for purposes of determining Membership Tier. Chick-fil-A reserves the right to change, modify or update the number of Points or other actions and requirements needed to earn each Membership Tier status and benefits.

Redeeming Rewards. To redeem Points for available Chick-fil-A rewards (“Rewards”), you must access the Rewards section on the App or online at www.chick-fil-a.com/MyProfile/AddRewards to view Rewards available for redemption, and then select to redeem an available Reward. A list of Rewards that may be available for redemption as part of the Program are available at the Chick-fil-A One Program page. You must have at least enough unredeemed and unexpired Points in your Chick-fil-A One account (“Available Points”) for the Reward you wish to redeem. Members must accrue a minimum of two hundred (200) Available Points before the first redemption for any Reward. In any single transaction, only one Chick-fil-A One account may be used to redeem Points for Rewards. Points accrued by a Member in any purchase or transaction may only be redeemed for Rewards in a separate, subsequent purchase or transaction. Rewards can only be redeemed through the App or online at www.chick-fil-a.com/MyProfile/AddRewards or https://order.chick-fil-a.com while logged into your Chick-fil-A One Account. Rewards cannot be redeemed through any third-party platforms. Rewards provided to Members have set terms and will expire in accordance with the terms stated for that Reward. Determinations regarding redemption of Points are subject to Chick-fil-A’s discretion.

Points will be subtracted from the Member's Chick-fil-A One account immediately when a Reward is requested based on the total Points for the requested Reward. Points will be restored to a Member's Chick-fil-A One account only in the event Chick-fil-A determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that the Reward requested by that Member is unavailable or cannot be delivered. Chick-fil-A reserves the right to limit the redemption of specific Rewards and limit the number of Rewards available at any particular Membership Tier.

Attempts to redeem single use offers and verification codes for Rewards multiple times or through multiple users constitutes fraud and may result in the termination or suspension of your Chick-fil-A One account.

Gifting of Rewards. Members who reach Chick-fil-A One Silver, Chick-fil-A One Red, or Chick-fil-A One Signature Membership Tier status may transfer Rewards to friends. Only those Chick-fil-A One Rewards that have been redeemed with Chick-fil-A One points are eligible to be transferred. Rewards eligible to be transferred include a “Gift to a Friend” button within the App. To transfer a Reward, select “Gift to a Friend” on the applicable Reward item and follow prompts to create a link to share to the recipient using a method of the Member’s choice. Once a link has been created, the Points are redeemed; however, the Reward will remain in the Member’s account until the recipient has received it. Each Reward link may only be used once and the link will be void after the Reward is redeemed or expires.

Once a Reward is transferred, the Reward is non-refundable and cannot be forwarded, transferred, or re-assigned. The Reward must be used by the recipient within the time frame specified for that Reward or it will expire. A transferred Reward can be used to redeem the specified Reward, but it does not count toward the Membership Tier status of the recipient receiving the transferred Reward.

Chick-fil-A may periodically make the gifting feature available to all Members for a limited time. When available, Members will see a “Gift to a friend” button available with eligible Rewards.

Special Member Benefits. Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants, in their sole and absolute discretion, may periodically offer the opportunity for additional rewards or benefits on particular transactions or special offers (“Member Benefits”). Member Benefits may be distributed via the App, online or via e-mail or mail from time to time (based on the information you have in your Chick-fil-A One account). Member Benefits may include periodic promotional offers on food, beverages and merchandise, invitations to special events, or related benefits. You must have your App set to receive notifications and/or have opted-in to receive email communications in order to receive promotional and marketing offers in App or via e-mail. Member Benefits may be customized based on your qualifying purchases and preferences. In certain events, Member Benefits may require that you have location settings enabled for them to be distributed to your App. Please note that Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants may be unable to send these Member Benefits to you if you have turned off your notifications or location settings in the App; if you have elected not to receive email or other communications from Chick-fil-A; or if you have poor network connectivity. Member Benefits may have certain restrictions including expiration dates and short, time-limited redemption periods. Member Benefits are personal to you and cannot be shared, copied or transferred, except as the Program may allow in certain limited instances. You may be required to present your Chick-fil-A One account information at the participating Chick-fil-A restaurant in order to redeem Member Benefits. Read each offer carefully for specific details, limitations and restrictions.

Guest Offers; Digital Offer Cards. Chick-fil-A and participating Chick-fil-A restaurants, in their sole and absolute discretion, may periodically send offers via the App or via email to Members, or distribute offers to customers (whether or not they are Members) through physical offer cards. These offers are referred to as ‘treats’ and ‘rewards’ but may appear with different descriptions from time to time (collectively, “Guest Offers”). In order to receive digital Guest Offers sent to Members via their Chick-fil-A One account, eligible individuals must access their valid Chick-fil-A One account via www.chick-fil-a.com/one or via the App to obtain the QR Code for the Guest Offer. To transfer a Guest Offer from a physical offer card to a Chick-fil-A One account, open the Chick-fil-A App and scan the Guest Offer’s QR Code. A Member may transfer no more than three Guest Offers per week, up to a maximum of ten Guest Offers per month, from a physical offer card to their Chick-fil-A One account. Members may hold a maximum of 20 Guest Offers transferred from a physical offer card in their Chick-fil-A One account at any given time. Once transferred to the App, Members must redeem the Guest Offer by scanning the Guest Offer in the App or placing a qualifying mobile order in accordance with the Guest Offer’s terms. Guest Offers presented on a physical offer card without a QR Code cannot be transferred to a Chick-fil-A One account.

The number, type and frequency of Guest Offers are based on a number of factors, each of which is subject to change without notice. Guest Offers are purely promotional offers, have no cash value, and do not constitute property of the recipient. Guest Offers may have certain restrictions including expiration dates and short, time-limited redemption periods. Restrictions apply and items are subject to availability at participating Chick-fil-A restaurants. All Guest Offers must be redeemed prior to the stated expiration date to be valid. It is your responsibility to check your Chick-fil-A One account periodically for Guest Offers and to use the Guest Offers prior to the stated expiration date. To redeem a Guest Offer, you must present the valid Guest Offer at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant (for in-person transactions) or be logged into your Chick-fil-A One account (for www.chick-fil-a.com or in-App transactions). Determinations regarding redemption of Guest Offers in restaurant are subject to the discretion of the participating Chick-fil-A restaurant. Updates to the status of Guest Offers may take 24-48 hours or more to show up in your Chick-fil-A One account. A list of current Guest Offers and redeemed and expired Guest Offers are available under your Chick-fil-A One account.

Member Benefits, Rewards, and Guest Offers may not be accepted at some Chick-fil-A restaurants, including Chick-fil-A Express™ and Chick-fil-A licensed locations such as airports, college campuses, office complexes and hospitals.

Expiration of Points and Rewards; Inactive Accounts. Unredeemed Points expire upon the cancellation or termination of your Chick-fil-A One account as described below. When you redeem your Points for Rewards, your oldest Available Points are used first. If you have any questions regarding your Chick-fil-A One account status, please contact Chick-fil-A by calling Chick-fil-A CARES (1-866-232-2040). Rewards and Member Benefits expire in connection with the terms provided with that Reward or Member Benefit. Once Points expire or are used to redeem a Reward, the Points will be removed from a Member’s account. Points will not be added back to a Member’s account if the Member does not use a Reward before it expires.

CFA reserves the right to cancel a Member’s Program registration and Chick-fil-A One account if the Member’s account remains inactive for a period of two (2) years or more. Accordingly, once you register for the Program, if you do not make a purchase or engage in an activity for which you will receive Points within your Member account within two (2) years after your initial registration or the last recorded purchase or activity for which you received Points, Chick-fil-A reserves the right to cancel your account. You understand and agree that cancellation by Chick-fil-A of a Chick-fil-A One account will result in the cancellation of all Points, Rewards, Member Benefits, and any progress towards a Membership Tier associated with that account and the inability to earn and/or redeem further Points, Rewards, and Member Benefits, regardless of Membership Tier.

Cancellation; Termination. You may opt-out of the Program at any time, for any reason by cancelling your Chick-fil-A One account by calling Chick-fil-A CARES (1-866-232-2040). If you cancel your Chick-fil-A One account, any unredeemed Points, Rewards and Member Benefits, and/or progress towards a Membership Tier will automatically be cancelled and will no longer be available for redemption. If you re-enroll at any time, you will start at the introductory Membership Tier as applicable. Chick-fil-A reserves the right to suspend or terminate, at Chick-fil-A’s sole and absolute discretion, any Chick-fil-A One account if Chick-fil-A believes that the account holder has abused Chick-fil-A One privileges, has violated or acted inconsistently with these Terms or applicable law, or otherwise acted in a manner harmful to our interests. Chick-fil-A further reserves the right to refuse delivery of any orders, including those placed through a Chick-fil-A One account, if Chick-fil-A believes that a Member has violated or acted inconsistently with these Terms or applicable law or acted in a manner harmful to our interests or our franchised Operators, or may be likely to do so based upon prior communications, conduct, interactions, or similar factors.

Upon cancellation or termination for any reason, your Chick-fil-A One account shall immediately cease and you may no longer receive Points, Rewards, or Member Benefits. Chick-fil-A has no obligation to and shall not compensate you for any unredeemed Points, Rewards, Member Benefits, or other benefits of the Program following cancellation. Because we plan our communications in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective. If you continue to receive our communications after expressing an opt-out preference, please let us know so that we can investigate the situation.

Chick-fil-A reserves the right to change, modify or terminate the Program, or any or all benefits under the Program or any policy pertaining to the Program, at any time, for any reason, including our right to discontinue or change the Membership Tiers or change the expiration date or redemption value of Points or Rewards, merge the Program with another program, or to adjust how Points or Rewards are received, calculated or redeemed.

If Chick-fil-A elects to terminate or modify in a material way the Program or any benefits or policies of the Program, Chick-fil-A will provide a notice of the material modification or termination by posting the modifications or notice of termination on the Chick-fil-A One Program page and update the Last Updated date. We may also attempt to notify you in other ways. Any modifications will become effective immediately after such posting or other such notification. We encourage you to review these Terms regularly for modifications. In the event of such termination, at Chick-fil-A’s election, Chick-fil-A may allow you to redeem any outstanding valid and unexpired Points or Rewards at a participating Chick-fil-A restaurant until expiration of such Points or Rewards. ANY UNREDEEMED AND UNEXPIRED POINTS OR REWARDS SHALL BE CANCELLED AT THE LATER OF (1) THE EXPIRATION OF THE THEN-CURRENT REWARDS OR (2) NINETY (90) DAYS AFTER PROGRAM TERMINATION.

General Restrictions. Chick-fil-A shall be the sole arbiter in cases of suspected abuse, fraud, or violation of its Terms and any decision it makes relating to termination, suspension, or other disabling of the Program or a Member’s Chick-fil-A One account (including, but not limited to, cancellation or suspension of Points, Rewards, Member Benefits and Guest Offers) shall be final and binding. Should you object to any of these Terms, or any subsequent modifications thereto, or become dissatisfied with the Program, your sole remedy is to discontinue participation in the Program and properly cancel your account in the manner provided above.

© 2020-21 Chick-fil-A, Inc. All rights reserved.