( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://us.coca-cola.com/privacy-policy#privacy )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used: 40
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
https://us.coca-cola.com/privacy-policy
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
https://us.coca-cola.com/privacy-policy
https://us.coca-cola.com/privacy-policy#cookies
https://us.coca-cola.com/privacy-policy#cookies
https://us.coca-cola.com/privacy-policy/#rights
https://us.coca-cola.com/privacy-policy/#rights
https://www.coca-colacompany.com/careers
https://www.coca-colacompany.com/careers
https://us.coca-cola.com/privacy-policy#rights
https://us.coca-cola.com/privacy-policy#rights
https://us.coca-cola.com/dsrform/
https://us.coca-cola.com/privacy-policy#rights
https://us.coca-cola.com/privacy-policy#rights
https://us.coca-cola.com/dsrform/
https://www.cokestore.com/customer/account/create/
https://www.cokestore.com/customer/account/create/
https://www.cokestore.com/customer/account/create/
https://www.cokestore.com/customer/account/create/
https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0031-protecting-your-childs-privacy-online
https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0031-protecting-your-childs-privacy-online
https://us.coca-cola.com/support/contact-us/
https://us.coca-cola.com/support/contact-us/
https://us.coca-cola.com/privacy-policy#top
https://us.coca-cola.com/privacy-policy#top
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/products/firefox/protect-your-privacy/cookies
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
https://support.apple.com/kb/index?q=cookies&src=globalnav_support&type=organic&page=search&locale=en_US
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/products/firefox/protect-your-privacy/cookies
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
https://support.apple.com/kb/index?q=cookies&src=globalnav_support&type=organic&page=search&locale=en_US
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
https://us.coca-cola.com/privacy-policy#top
https://us.coca-cola.com/privacy-policy#top
)

PRIVACY POLICY

Last Updated: 10/28/20

We, The Coca-Cola Company and its affiliates, take our consumers’ privacy seriously. Our mission is to refresh the world and we can’t do that without your trust. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect about you, why we collect the information, as well as how we collect and use the information so that we can deliver the best, most refreshing experience that we can.
This Privacy Policy is intended for individuals in the United States. If you live outside of the United States and choose to use the Sites connected with this Privacy Policy, you do so at your own risk and understand that your information will be sent to and stored in the United States. By using any of our websites and mobile applications in the United States that contain a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, “Sites”) or otherwise providing Personal Information to us, you agree to this Privacy Policy. Note that there may be other websites that reference the Coca-Cola brand but are subject to a different privacy policy.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
“Personal Information” generally means any information that identifies you as an individual, and any other information we associate with it. We collect a few categories of information, from a few different sources:
1. Profile information and other content you voluntarily provide us, which may include:
User name and password
Contact information when you register on our Sites, such as your name, street address, demographic information (such as your gender), date of birth, phone number, and/or email address. You may also provide us information about other people, such as when you direct us to send a gift on your behalf.
Any content or contributions you post in a public space on the Sites. This includes comments, videos and photos that you might submit. If you contact us through a social media site, we may collect your social media identifier.
Any information you provide in communications with us, such as via social media, e-mail or our customer call center.
Payment information, such as when you make a purchase with us and we need your billing information to process the transaction.
2. Information that is passively collected when you use the Sites, such as by our web servers and by third party analytics tools we use:
Our system logs may record certain information about visitors to our Sites, including the web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device and mobile ad identifiers, browser information, interaction with the Sites, pages viewed, app usage, and other such information; we may collect similar information from emails you receive from us that can help us track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.
We use certain cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to help us understand how you use the Sites and enable us to personalize your experience. To learn more about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. To learn more about Coca-Cola’s use of cookies, please see our cookie policy. We may ask advertisers or other third party partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which rely on cookies or similar technologies placed on our Sites.
We may detect the physical location of your device by, for example, using GPS information collected by mobile apps or location information shared by your web browser. We collect this information for purposes of enhancing or facilitating our services, such as enabling certain functionalities of the Sites that can provide you with information about promotions or relevant product information near you. We may use your device’s physical location to better understand how our Sites and other services and functionality are being used and to provide you with relevant and personalized location-based services and content, including advertising. Should you wish to opt out of the collection of this information, please adjust the settings of your device so that information about your physical location is not sent to us or third parties by (a) disabling location services within the device settings; or (b) denying certain websites or mobile applications permission to access location information by changing the relevant preferences and permissions in your mobile device or browser settings. Please note that your location may be derived from your WiFi, Bluetooth, and other device settings. Please consult your device settings for further information.
3. We may receive information from third parties such as advertising and marketing partners, public databases, and social media platforms, to supplement the information we receive from our consumers. If we do so, this policy governs how we can use that information.
4. In addition to collecting Personal Information, we may collect information that does not identify you and is not associated with your Personal Information. We may also de-identify information so it no longer identifies you. We can aggregate and use such information to engage in marketing and other activities in a manner that protects our consumers since it does not use their Personal Information and is outside the scope of this Privacy Policy.
How We May Use Personal Information
We may use Personal Information as permitted by law, for the following business purposes:
to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests
to communicate with you about and to process orders, purchases, returns, services, donations, promotions, campaigns, programs, contests, sweepstakes, rewards and accounts
to inform you about our brands, products, promotions, events or other promotional purposes
to re-contact you if we have not heard from you in a while
to send you advertising/promotional material from any of our affiliates, and on behalf of our promotional and strategic partners
to improve your experience with our products and services, such as by personalizing your experience with us
to allow you to participate in polls, sweepstakes, promotions, contests and other promotions and to administer these activities
to deliver gift cards or gifts to others in accordance with your instructions
to permit you to participate in social sharing, including live social media feeds
to send you advertising/promotional material from any of our affiliates, and on behalf of oto perform analytics, quality control, market research, and determine the effectiveness of our websites, mobile applications, promotional campaigns, and develop new products and services
We may also use Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate for certain essential purposes, including:
to comply with applicable law and legal process
to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence
to detect, prevent, or investigate potential security incidents or fraud
to facilitate the functionality of our mobile applications and websites
to provide important product safety information and notice of product recalls
to enforce our terms and conditions
to protect our operations or those of our affiliates
to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, security and/or that of our affiliates, you or others
to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain
If you submit any Personal Information relating to other people in connection with the Sites, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How Personal Information May Be Disclosed
1. To the extent permitted by law, all of your Personal Information may be disclosed with the following categories of third parties:
to our affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy
to our third-party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer service, email delivery services, credit card processing, auditing services and other services, to enable them to provide services
to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings)
in connection with the essential purposes described above (e.g., to comply with legal obligations)
2. To the extent permitted by law, your name and contact information (and other information you make public) may be disclosed with the following categories of third parties:
to third-party strategic partners with whom we may enter into a special relationship for promotional activities, where permitted by law
to third parties in connection with certain promotions or sweepstakes you may participate in; to the extent that the promotion’s rules concerning the treatment of your Personal Information are stricter than this Privacy Policy, the promotion’s rules apply
3. To the extent permitted by law, information that is passively collected when you use the Sites may be disclosed with the following categories of third parties:
our online and email advertisers or other third-party vendors we use who may provide cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs or other similar technologies for use on our Sites or other websites to manage and improve our online and email advertising campaigns.
For example, a vendor (e.g., Google, Facebook) may provide us with certain digital advertising pixels or other tools to recognize their cookies during your visit to the Sites and to learn which of our online advertisements may have brought you to our Sites, or to serve you with advertisements for Coca-Cola products after you leave the Sites.  These third-party vendors may also use other digital advertising tools, as well as your Personal Information, to recognize you across the devices and online services you use.  To learn more about Coca-Cola’s use of cookies, please see our cookie policy.
DO NOT TRACK
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference you can set in most browsers. There is no standard interpretation or practice for responding to DNT signals, so we handle all user information consistent with this Privacy Policy. For more details, you can visit allaboutdnt.com. As provided below, we will not disclose your Personal Information to third parties if we have received and processed a request from you not to do so. To submit such a request, please contact us by clicking here: Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
THIRD PARTY SITES AND INTEGRATIONS
Our Services may integrate third party video streaming services offered by certain partners, where indicated, such as YouTube, Vimeo, Daily Motion and CNBC. Please be aware that we do not control the content or privacy practices of such streaming services and you should be aware that such third party functionality may be subject to the privacy statements of such parties.
The Sites may also link to third party websites, mobile applications, and other online services or platforms. These links are provided for your convenience only. We have no control over such third parties and are not responsible for the content, availability, or security of third parties.  Third parties may use your information for their own purposes, including behavioral or advertising purposes. If you decide to access any of the third party links available on the Sites, or if you provide Personal Information through these third party sites, app, or platforms, you do so subject to the privacy policies and terms and conditions of use of the owner or operator, and not this Privacy Policy.
CAREERS
The Sites may include a link to our Careers section. Any Personal Information submitted through that portion of the Sites, by upload or via e-mail, will be governed by our Resume/CV Submission Policy at https://www.coca-colacompany.com/careers.
SECURITY
We use standard physical, technical and administrative measures designed to reduce the risk of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of your Personal Information. Unfortunately, no system or network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below (note that physical mail notification will delay the time it takes for us to respond to the problem).
YOUR CHOICES AND ACCESS RIGHTS
Your choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails and mailing by informing us of your preferences when you sign up for a Coca-Cola account or modifying your promotional preferences online in your profile account management section. To stop receiving phone, mail, SMS, and/or email marketing communications from us, you may text “STOP” to a text message from us or click “unsubscribe” at the bottom of an email from us. In addition, you may let us know as directed below in the “Contacting Us” section.  Please specify which types of communications you no longer wish to receive, and the relevant telephone number, address, and/or e-mail address.  If you do opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, such as emails about your accounts or purchases.
We will not disclose your Personal Information to third parties if we have received and processed a request from you not to do so. To submit such a request, please contact us by clicking here: Do Not Sell My Personal Information.  Please note that we may continue to share your Personal Information with our affiliates, service providers, for essential purposes described above and other such circumstances.  
How you can access or delete your Personal Information
You may request a copy of the following:  (1) The categories of Personal Information we collected about you; (2) The categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected; (3) The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling (if applicable) the Personal Information; (4) The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information and the categories of Personal Information shared; and (5) The specific pieces of your Personal Information we have collected, used or disclosed (if applicable).
You may request that we delete your personal information.  Note that deletion requests are subject to certain limitations, for example, we may retain Personal Information as permitted by law, such as for tax or other record keeping purposes, to maintain an active account, and to process transactions and facilitate customer requests.
You have the right not to be discriminated against in service or price if you exercise your privacy rights, and we will love you just as much if you do exercise them. To request a copy of Personal Information we have collected about you, or to request that the your information be deleted, please Make a Request as instructed at the bottom of this page, or by clicking here. You will need to provide your name, email address, and country / state of residence. You may authorize another person (your “agent”) to submit a request on your behalf. Upon submission of your request, we will contact you (via the email address or mobile number provided in your request) with instructions on how to verify the request, after which we will check our records for matching information, and aim to complete requests as soon as reasonably practicable and consistent with any applicable laws. Please note that it may take additional time to verify and fulfill agent-submitted requests. If you have an account with us, you may also make certain changes directly through your account profile page. Please note that changes you make on your account profile page through one of our Sites may not always be reflected on other Sites operated by us.
CALIFORNIA DISCLOSURES
Shine the Light
California law permits customers of Coca-Cola who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us [as set out in the “Contacting Us” section below].
Notice of Financial Incentive
We may offer discounts or other benefits to consumers enrolled in certain rewards or promotional programs, including: (1) Consumers can create a Coke.com account and opt-in to email promotions from Coca-Cola by submitting their email address through the Site. Additional terms and conditions are posted there. (2) Consumers can snap and upload sip & scan codes to access rewards, sweepstakes and other experiences. Consumers who are logged into their Coke.com account while participating in sip & scan may save and redeem such rewards. Additional information is available at https://us.coca-cola.com/sip-and-scan-faq/. (3) Consumers can create an account at the Coca-Cola store and receive 15% off their first order.Additional information is available at
https://www.cokestore.com/customer/
account/create/. (4) Consumers can participate in Coca-Cola’s social promotions, contests or sweepstakes for a chance to receive the benefits described in each such promotion.  
Consumers can opt-out of individual programs in their account settings or by contacting us as indicated below. You may also submit a request that we delete your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Coca-Cola does not generally assign monetary or other value to consumers’ Personal Information, and our promotions activity changes continually. To the extent California law requires that a value be assigned to such programs, or the price or service differences they involve, Coca-Cola values the Personal Information collected and used under each program as being equal to the value of the discounts or other financial incentives provided in each such program, based upon a practical and good-faith effort to assess on an aggregate basis for all collected information: (1) the type of Personal Information collected in each program (e.g., email address), (2) the use of such information by Coca-Cola in connection with its marketing activities, (3) the range of discounts provided (which can depend on each consumer’s purchases under such offers), (4) the number of individuals enrolled in respective programs, and (5) the products for which the benefits (such as price difference) can apply. These values can change over time. Note that this description is without waiver of any proprietary or business confidential information, including trade secrets, and it does not constitute any representation with regard to generally accepted accounting principles or financial accounting standards.
RETENTION PERIOD
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by for legal, auditing, or compliance purposes.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information on the Site from anyone under the age of 13 or allow minors under the age of 13 to disclose their Personal Information to us through the Sites.  The Sites are directed to individuals who are permitted to share their Personal Information without parental consent.  If you believe that we might have any information from a child under 13, please contact us as directed below in the “Contacting Us” section. You may mark your inquiry “COPPA Information Request.” Parents can learn more about how to protect children’s privacy online here.
We may query a user’s age before granting access to certain portion of our Sites, and the results may be retained and reflected across our other Sites for a period of time. We may ask for additional consent during the account sign-up process from minors who are 13 to 15 years old under relevant and applicable laws if Personal Information may be shared outside of Coca-Cola and its affiliates and service providers.
If you are under the age of 18 and a registered user of the Sites, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Sites by contacting us as directed below in the “Contacting Us” section. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, for example, another user of the Sites may have reposted your public content somewhere else on the Sites or on another website.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may periodically update this Privacy Policy.  Please reference the “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised.  Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on our Sites.  Your use of the Sites following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING US
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our data practices, please contact us as follows:
1.   You may email us at: https://us.coca-cola.com/support/contact-us/
2.   You may call us at 1-800-438-2653
Please note that email communications are not always secure, so please do not include credit card information or other sensitive information in any emails to us.
COOKIE POLICY
BACK TO TOP
Last Updated: October 2019
When you use our websites, mobile applications, and online services (the “Site”), we may store cookies on your web browser.  Other third parties you choose to visit may do the same.  This Cookie Policy explains what a cookie is, how you can manage your cookies, and what kind of cookies may be on our sites.
1. WHAT IS A COOKIE AND WHY DO WE USE THEM?
Cookies are small pieces of text.  They are provided by most websites and stored by your web browser on the computer, phone, or other device that you are using.  Cookies serve many purposes.  They can help a website remember your preferences, learn which areas of the website are useful and which areas need improvement, and provide you with targeted advertisements or personalized content.  Sometimes, cookies are enabled when pixels are placed on a website. Pixels are also referred to as web beacons, clear gifs, and tags. They enable websites to read and place cookies. 
First-party cookies and third-party cookies
Cookies can be first-party or third-party.  A first-party cookie is one that you receive directly from The Coca-Cola Company when visiting our Site.  A third-party cookie is one that you have received from another party, such as Google or Facebook.  We do not control what third parties do on other sites.  However, we may work with certain third-party providers such as Google or Facebook to permit their cookies to function through our Site so we can learn more about your web experience on our Site and better personalize our services for you.
Persistent and session cookies
A persistent cookie is a cookie that is stored by the web browser on your device until it expires or you delete it. The expiration of a persistent cookie is determined by the creator of the cookie and can be upon a certain date or after a length of session time has passed. This means that, for the cookie's entire lifespan, its information will be transmitted to the creator’s server every time the user visits the website that it belongs to or another website configured to check for that cookie (such as an advertisement placed on that website). For this reason, persistent cookies are also called “tracking cookies.”
 

A session cookie is created temporarily on your device for use by a website during your visit. This type of cookie may store information you enter and track your activity within the website. A session cookie is deleted after you leave the website or when the web browser is closed.  A good example of a session cookie is the shopping cart on an e-commerce site. The session cookie stores the items that you add to your cart so they are not forgotten while you view products on other pages of the website. Using a session cookie, the items will all be in the cart when you go to the checkout page.

2. HOW DO I MANAGE COOKIES?
Most web browsers let you choose whether to accept cookies.  Most also let you delete cookies already set.  The choices available, and the mechanism used, will vary from browser to browser.  Such browser settings are typically found in the “options”, “tools” or “preferences” menu. You may also consult the browser’s “help” menu. For example: 
 

Cookie settings in Internet Explorer

Cookie settings in Firefox

Cookie settings in Chrome

Cookie settings in Safari

 

There are online tools available for clearing all cookies left behind by the websites you have visited, such as www.allaboutcookies.org.  Usually, deletion of cookies will anonymize the information associated with the pixel and a website will not receive any further associated information.

3. WHAT KIND OF COOKIES DO WE USE?
The Site may use Strictly Necessary Cookies, Performance Cookies, Functional Cookies, Targeting Cookies and Social Media Cookies.  Any of these may be first-party cookies or third-party cookies, persistent or session. Please reference Section 2 of this Cookie Policy for information on how to manage these cookies through your browser.
 

Strictly Necessary Cookies:  These are cookies without which you would not be able to use this Site. For example, Strictly Necessary Cookies adjust the Site data transmitted to match your Internet connection, get you to the secure versions of the Site, and help provide services you specifically request.  If you set your browser to block these cookies, some parts of the Site will not work. Strictly Necessary Cookies do not store any Personal Information.
Performance Cookies: We use these cookies to count visits and traffic sources, to measure and improve Site performance. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.  Performance Cookies do not store any Personal Information.
Functional cookies: These cookies allow the Site to remember choices you make and provide enhanced functionality and more personalized features.  Depending on context, Functional Cookies may store certain types of Personal Information as needed to provide functionality.
Targeting Cookies: Targeting cookies help us manage and display our advertisements, based on your activity on the Site and other sites; this is known as interest-based advertising.  Targeting cookies mainly rely on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. We have partnered with the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) to better serve users’ preferences, and by visiting their website at http://www.networkadvertising.org/
managing/opt_out.asp, you can learn more about NAI members who deliver tailored online ads and your choices to opt-out of receiving them. Opting out of interest-based advertising does not mean you will no longer see advertising online, but it does mean that the companies from which you opt out will no longer show ads that have been tailored to your interests.
Social Media Cookies:  Social Media Cookies make social sharing easier for you, provide you with tools to connect with the Site, and help us better understand both the audience for the Site and the effectiveness of our social media outreach.  These are third-party cookies.  Your choices with respect to such cookies are determined by the social media platforms on which you have accounts.
4.  UPDATES TO THIS COOKIE POLICY
We may change this Cookie Policy at any time.  Please review the “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of this page to see the last revision date to this Cookie Policy.  Any changes in this Cookie Policy will become effective when the revised Cookie Policy is available on or through the Site.
5.  CONTACTING US
If you have any further questions, please contact us by calling us at 1-800-438-2653
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
BACK TO TOP
At Coca-Cola, we take your privacy very seriously, and we never monetize your information; we use it to enhance your experience with opportunities like special promotions and nearby offers.
When it comes to your rights as a consumer, we want to make sure you have everything you need to make informed decisions. You have the right to:
Know how your personal information is used;
Access, request and receive the personal information we have collected in a portable manner;
Object to having your data sold or shared;
And request that we delete your personal data.
 

To submit a request via phone, contact 1-800-438-2653.  To submit a request via the web, click the “Make a Request” button below.