( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://www.dollartree.com/privacy-policy )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used: 8
https://www.dollartree.com/privacy-policy#types
https://www.dollartree.com/privacy-policy#processing
https://www.dollartree.com/privacy-policy#notice
https://www.dollartree.com/privacy-policy#sharing
https://www.dollartree.com/privacy-policy#choices
https://www.dollartree.com/privacy-policy#personal
https://www.dollartree.com/privacy-policy#miscellaneous
https://www.dollartree.com/privacy-policy#contact
)

Privacy Policy
Last Revised: July 1, 2020
This Privacy Policy describes how Dollar Tree, Inc., Dollar Tree Stores, Inc., Family Dollar Stores, Inc., and their affiliates (collectively, “Dollar Tree,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, uses, shares, and safeguards personal information. This Privacy Policy also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your personal information, and how you can reach us to get answers to your questions. You can jump to particular topics by going to the headings below:
 

Types of Information We Collect
Use and Processing of Information
Notice of Financial Incentives Under California Law
Sharing of Information
Your Choices
How We Protect Personal Information
Miscellaneous
Contact Information
 
Types of Information We Collect
The following provides examples of the type of information that we collect from you and how we use that information.

Context	Types of Data	Primary Purpose for Collection
and Use of Data
Account Registration	We collect your name, contact information, and password information when you create an account. We also collect information relating to the actions that you perform while logged into your account.	We use this information to provide account-related functionalities to our users. Accounts can be used for easy checkout, easy shipping through the address book function, and to save your preferences and transaction history.
Client Information	We collect the name and contact information of our clients and their employees with whom we may interact.	We use this information when contacting our clients and communicating with them concerning normal business administration such as projects, services, and billing.
Cookies and First Party Tracking	We use cookies and clear GIFs. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer's hard drive while a website is viewed.	We use this information to make our website operate efficiently.
Cookies and Third Party Tracking	We participate in behavior-based advertising, which means that a third party uses technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests on our website, or on other websites.	We use this information to engage in behavior-based advertising and capture website analytics.
Coupons/Loyalty Program Information	We may collect your telephone number, email address, name and other contact information, birthday, gender, location information, personal preferences, and password information to administer loyalty and coupon programs.	We use this information to provide coupons and administer our loyalty and coupon programs.
Demographic Information	We collect personal information, such as your age or location.	We use this information to understand our users, provide tailored services, and comply with applicable laws.
Distance Information	When you use one of our websites or Apps, we collect your location from the GPS, Wi-Fi, and/or cellular technology in your device to determine your location and your distance from a store that sells our products.	We use this information to understand our users and provide tailored services. In some contexts our use is also based upon your consent to provide us with geolocation information.
Email Interconnectivity	If you receive email from us, we use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains, and make purchases.	We use this information to understand how you interact with our communications to you.
Employment (Prospective)	If you apply for a job posting, or become an employee, we collect information necessary to process your application or to retain you as an employee. This may include, among other things, your Social Security Number. Providing this information is required for employment. This policy does not apply to active Dollar Tree employees.	We use your information for hiring, and to have efficient staffing and workforce operations.
Feedback/Support	If you provide us feedback or contact us for support, we will collect your name and email address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.	We use this information for receiving, and acting upon, your feedback or issues.
Mailing List	When you sign up for one of our mailing lists we collect your email address or postal address, along with your first name, last name, email address, and zip code in some cases.	We share information about our products and services with individuals that consent to receive such information. We also use this information to share data about our products or services.
Mobile Devices	We collect information from your mobile device, such as unique identifying information broadcast from your device when visiting our website, using one of our Apps, or when visiting one of our stores.	We use this information to identify unique visitors, and understand how users interact with us on their mobile devices.
Order Placement	We collect your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, payment information (including gift card information) and credit card number when you place an order.	We use your information to perform our contract to provide you with products or services.
Partner Promotion	We collect information that you provide as part of a co-branded promotion with another company.	We use this information in fulfilling our promotions.
Surveys	When you participate in a survey, we collect information directly or through third parties that you provide through the survey. If the survey is provided by a third party service provider, the third party's privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information.	We use this information to understand your opinions, and collect information relevant to our organization.
Sweepstakes or Contests	When you participate in a sweepstakes or contest, we collect information about you which includes contact information to notify you if you are selected.	We use this information to operate sweepstakes. In some contexts we are also required by law to collect information about those that enter into our sweepstakes.
Website Interactions	We use technology to monitor how you interact with our website. This may include which links you click on, or information that you type into our online forms. This may also include information about your device or browser.	We use this information to understand how you interact with our website to better improve it, and to understand your preferences and interests in order to select offerings that you might find most useful. We may also use this information in detecting and preventing fraud.
Web logs	We collect information, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the Internet is used), domain name, click activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for visitors.	We use this information to monitor our networks and the visitors to our websites. Among other things, it helps us understand which of our services is the most popular.
Wish Lists	We collect information about you regarding product wish lists that you provide in your online account.	We collect information concerning products you may be interested in purchasing at a later date.

In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources. For example, if you submit a job application, or become an employee, we may conduct a background check.

Use and Processing of Information
In addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways:

To identify you when you visit our websites or our stores. 
To provide products and services or to process returns.
To improve our services and product offerings.
To streamline the checkout process.
To conduct analytics.
To respond to inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests.  
To send marketing and promotional materials, including information relating to our products, services, sales, or promotions.
For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationships.
 
Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose. For example, if you complete an online purchase we may collect your information to perform our contract with you, but we also collect your information as we have a legitimate interest in maintaining your information after your transaction is complete so that we can quickly and easily respond to any questions about your order. As a result, our collection and processing of your information is based in different contexts.

Notice of Financial Incentives Under California Law
We offer our customers a rewards program that provides certain perks, such as rewards, promotions, and exclusive offers (the “Rewards Programs”). When you sign up for the Rewards Program we will ask you to provide your name, telephone number (or other selected number), and email address. Because our Rewards Program involves the collection of personal information, it might be interpreted as a “financial incentive” program under California law. The value of your personal information to us is related to the value of the free or discounted products or services. This value is based on the expense related to offering those free or discounted products or services.

Sharing of Information
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this policy, we disclose information in the following situations:

Affiliates and Acquisitions. We may share information with our corporate affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control). If another company acquires, or plans to acquire, our company, business, or our assets, we will also share information with that company, including at the negotiation stage.
Other Disclosures with Your Consent. We may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.
Other Disclosures without Your Consent. We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights; to defend against a legal claim; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies; or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third party intermediary.
Public. Some of our websites may provide the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, in a public forum. If you decide to submit information on these pages, that information may be publically available.
Partner Promotion. We may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third party partners. If you decide to enter a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion that is sponsored by a third party partner, the information that you provide will be shared with us and with them. Their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy.
Service Providers. We may share your information with service providers. Among other things, service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.
Your Choices
You can make the following choices regarding your personal information:

Access to Your Personal Information. You may request access to your personal information by contacting us at the address described below. If required by law, upon request, we will grant you reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you. Note that California residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for direct marketing. We will respond to such requests within the timeframe required by law.
Changes to Your Personal Information. We rely on you to update and correct your personal information. Most of our websites allow you to modify or delete your account profile. If our website does not permit you to update or correct certain information, you may contact us at the address described below in order to request that your information be modified. Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law, and you may not be able to change certain account information including your email address.
Deletion of Your Personal Information. Typically we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. You may, however, request details about how long we keep a specific type of information, or request that we delete your personal information by contacting us at the address described below. If required by law, we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes. We will respond to such requests within the timeframe required by law.
Objection to Certain Processing. You may object to our use or disclosure of your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.
Online Tracking. We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions.
Promotional Emails. You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as targeted offers from third parties. You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in emails that you receive. If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service-related communications.
Promotional Mailings. If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us, you can remove yourself from our mailing lists by emailing us (our contact information is below) with "NO SNAIL MAIL" in the subject line along with your name, address, and zip code. Please note that our mailings are prepared in advance of their being sent. Although we will remove your name from our mailing list after receiving your request, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed or bulk mailings directed to ZIP codes or geographic areas.
Promotional Text Messages. If you receive a text message from us that contains promotional information you can opt-out of receiving future text messages by replying “STOP.”
Please address written requests and questions about your rights to caprivacydt@dollartree.com or call us at 1-888-982-8948.

Note that, as required by law, we will require you to prove your identity. We may conduct an identity verification by phone call or email. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name, the last item you purchased from us, or the date of your last purchase from us. We may also ask you to provide a signed declaration confirming your identity.

In some circumstances, you may designate an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise certain privacy rights on your behalf. We will require verification that you provided the authorized agent permission to make a request on your behalf. You must provide us with a copy of the signed permission you have given to the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf and verify your own identity directly with us. If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of an individual you must attach a copy of the following information to the request:

A completed Authorized Agent Designation Form indicating that you have authorization to act on the consumer’s behalf.
If you are a business, proof that you are registered with the Secretary of State to conduct business in California.
If we do not receive both pieces of information, the request will be denied.

How We Protect Personal Information
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information, we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.

Some of our websites permit you to create an account. When you do you will be prompted to create a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you. You are responsible for maintaining a strong password and, if it is compromised, then Dollar Tree is not responsible for the breach of your password or account. You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.

Miscellaneous
The following additional information relates to our privacy practices:

Transmission of Information to Other Countries. As a multi-national company, we transmit information between and among our affiliates. As a result, your information may be processed in a foreign country where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country. Nonetheless, where possible we take steps to treat personal information using the same privacy principles that apply pursuant to the law of the country in which we first received your information. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage, and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States. If you would like more information concerning our attempts to apply the privacy principles applicable in one jurisdiction to data when it goes to another jurisdiction you can contact us using the contact information below.
Third Party Applications/Websites. We have no control over the privacy practices of websites or applications that we do not own.
Changes to This Privacy Policy. We may change our privacy policy and practices over time. To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy. Our privacy policy includes an “effective” and “last updated” date. The effective date refers to the date that the current version took effect. The last updated date refers to the date that the current version was last substantively modified.
Accessibility. If you are visually impaired, you may access this notice through your browser’s audio reader.
Information for California Residents. California Civil Code Sections 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are collected, “sold,” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” (as those terms are defined under California law). You can find a list of the categories of information that we collect and share here. Please note that because this list is comprehensive it may refer to types of information that we share about people other than yourself. If you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing, please submit a written request to us using the information in the "Contact Information" section below. We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in this Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices please contact us at the appropriate address below. We will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information.

caprivacydt@dollartree.com
1-888-982-8948

Effective Date: July 1, 2020