( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/)

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used: 18
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp01
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp02
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp03
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp04
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp05
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp06
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp07
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp08
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp09
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp10
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp11
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp12
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp13
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp14
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp15
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp16
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp17
https://www.eharmony.com/privacypolicy/#pp18
)

Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices of eHarmony, Inc. (“eharmony,” “us,” “our,” or “we”) with respect to your information collected, stored, disclosed and used by eharmony, its subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, through our Services, including our Websites and Applications (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Service or Agreement).
YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES IS SUBJECT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE APPLICABLE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE. BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES SET OUT IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE APPLICABLE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this page and any other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what personal information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is noted below. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, or by other means, such as e-mail, at our discretion. Your continued use of any portion of our Services following the posting of the updated Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
1. What Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It
2. How and Why We Use Your Personal Information
3. Mobile Push Notifications
4. If Information Is Not Provided
5. Disclosure of Your Personal Information
6. Third-Party Advertising
7. Age Restrictions
8. Custom Audience
9. Security
10. “Do Not Track” Signals
11. Links to or Access from Other Sites
12. Choice/Opt-Out
13. Updating / Deleting Your Personal Information
14. Retention and Storage of Your Personal Information
15. Contact Us
16. Dispute Resolution
17. Residents of California - California Privacy Policy
18. Effective Date
1. What Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It
In order to provide our Services, we collect information about you that, alone or in combination with other information, can be used to identify you as an individual (“personal information”). What personal information we collect and process depends on how and why you interact with us.
●	Personal Information You Provide. When you register for an account or subscribe to any of our Services, we collect a variety of information about you, including your contact information such as your name, email address, contact number, mailing address, date of birth, dating preferences, etc. When you sign up for our Services, you may provide us with answers to our proprietary questionnaire (our Compatibility Quiz), which we use to build a personality profile for you and to match you with other compatible singles. You may also choose to provide us with your photo(s) which may contain personal information. By providing us photo(s) you agree that we may make them available to your matches and users of eHarmony’s Services. We may also collect your name, contact information (such as your email), and a copy of your correspondences with us, if you contact us. If you are a Premium Member, you will also be able to communicate with your matches via video chat in selected countries. If you use the video chat feature, you acknowledge and agree that the matches with whom you choose to video chat will have access to video of you. Furthermore, eharmony uses a third-party service provider to enable the video chat feature, and you agree that eharmony will transfer your IP address and profile ID to this service provider strictly for the purpose of providing the service. To process purchases, we may require your name, address, phone number, email address and payment information, including but not necessarily limited to credit or debit card information and associated account information. If you would like us to delete such payment information from our systems, you may contact us as described under the “Contacting Us” section below. For subscribers of the Australian Service: All subscription fees and other payments which are directly collected by eHarmony for our Australian Service are processed by our Australian subsidiary, eHarmony Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 35 143 539 655).

Sensitive Information. During the registration process and while updating your profile, you may provide us with personal information that is considered “sensitive” in your jurisdiction, including but not limited to, religious beliefs, ethnicity and political views. This information is only used by us to provide the services to you. By providing this information, you agree to eharmony’s storing, processing, and use of such data for the purposes stated above. You may change update your information by accessing your profile at any time or select the “prefer not to specify” option in response to any questions requesting such information.

Surveys. We may periodically conduct voluntary member surveys. We encourage our members to participate in such surveys because they provide us with important information regarding the improvement of our Services. You may also volunteer for certain surveys that we may offer to our users, and any additional rules regarding the conduct of such surveys will be disclosed to you prior to your participation. We do not link the survey responses to any personal information, and all responses are anonymous.
●	
Personal Information We Automatically Collect. When you access or or use our Services, we automatically collect information about how you access and use our Websites and Services. The information we collect includes your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. If you use a mobile device to access or download any of our Services, we may also collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, and version information. While this information taken together could be considered personal information, we do not use this information to personally identify you. We use this information in the aggregate to analyze trends, administer our Servicess, prevent fraud, understand how users interact with our Services, and gather demographic information to tailor our visitors’ experience on our Services, show them content that we think they might be interested in, and display the content according to their preferences. We do not share this information with third parties.
The technologies we use to automatically collect data from you may include:

1. Cookies & Web Tracking. We use “cookies” to keep track of some types of information while you are accessing or using our Services. Cookies are very small files placed on your computer, and they allow us to count the number of visitors to our Websites and distinguish repeat visitors from new visitors. They also allow us to save user preferences and track user trends. We rely on cookies for the proper operation of our Websites; therefore if your browser is set to reject all cookies, the website will not function properly. Some cookies are automatically erased after the end of the browser session (these are “session cookies”), whereas other cookies are stored for a predetermined amount time or permanently in your browser, before they erase themselves (these are “temporary" or "permanent" cookies).While a cookie may distinguish your device, it will not name you. Almost every website uses cookie technology.

You can find more details about the cookies and pixels that we use for the Websites here and for the Applications
●	here
●	. We have listed the name of each cookie, as well as the intended purpose of the cookie and other important information.

What kind of cookies does eHarmony use?

Strictly necessary cookies
We use certain cookies to make sure that our website and our Service is easy, secure and safe to use. Without these cookies, services that you have asked for (such as a secure website and Service), would not be possible. This category of cookies includes:
●	Cookies that identify or authenticate our users to ensure that our Service is secure;
●	Cookies that temporarily store certain user entries ;
●	Cookies that store certain user preferences (such as your language choices).
●	Analytics cookies
We use analytics cookies to record usage data about our users (e.g. which users have visited which of our subpages, etc.) and to evaluate this information statistically.

Third Party Advertising Cookies / Third Party Pixel / Third Party Tracking
We also allow third parties to collect our users' data through advertising cookies or pixels placed on our website. These cookies allow us and other third parties to provide you with interest-based advertising that is based on an analysis of your usage behavior (e.g., which banner ads you have clicked on, which subpages you have visited, etc.) on the internet and our Services.

How can you deactivate or erase our cookies?

You can deactivate cookies on your device via your browser settings; and you can erase any cookies already stored on your device at any time in your browser. Please note, however, that if you choose to deactivate or remove cookies, doing so may prevent certain features on our website from working properly and therefore affect your experience on our website. In addition, you may not be able to use all the features of our Service if you deactivate or remove cookies.
For additional information and opt-out instructions for interest-based advertising, please review our Third Party Advertising section below.

2. Web Beacons. “Web beacons” (also known as “clear gifs” and “pixel tags”) are small transparent graphic images that are often used in conjunction with cookies in order to further personalize our website for our users and to collect a limited set of information about our visitors. We may also use web beacons in email communications in order to understand the behavior of our customers.

3. Web Analytics. We collect and use statistical information about your use of our Services to make it more user-friendly, to understand our market share, to conduct other market research and to make sure that we display relevant advertisements for you. To this end, we work with various authorized service providers; and we use analytics tools in our website. However, these tools will not use your IP address, or (if they do), they will shorten it immediately after collection (which means that it will be less clearly be linked to your device). These tools will also generate user profiles by using analytic cookies or by evaluating log files; however these user profiles will not be linked to your real world information and will not name you.

4. Promotional e-mails. Promotional e-mail messages we send you may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the e-mails, including whether the e-mail was opened and what links (if any) were clicked. If you would rather not receive promotional e-mails from us, please see the section below labeled “Choice/Opt-Out.”
●	
Personal Information We Receive from Others. In addition to information you provide us directly, and that we collect automatically, we also may receive personal information from:
●	Fraud-detection and credit-reference agencies to correct our records and help prevent and detect fraud;
●	Sources that are available to the public, which we might combine with information that we collect from you directly; and
●	A family member or someone else acting on your behalf.
●	We encourage users to refer a friend to our Singles Service by sending us a friend’s name and email address. We will keep this information in our database, and send that person a one-time e-mail containing your name and inviting them to visit our site. This e-mail will also include instructions on how to remove their information from our database. If you refer a friend, you agree that you will not abuse this feature by entering names and addresses of those who would not be interested in eHarmony’s Services. For some of our Services, you may also give gift memberships to your friends, in which case we will use your friends’ e-mail address that you provide in order to deliver the gift.
2. How and Why We Use Your Personal Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information, to:
●	Provide and secure our Services;
●	Establish and manage user accounts, such as your “My Profile”;
●	Display the public fields of your profile to your matches, including recent login date, user name, photos, videos, and other profile content;
●	Provide customer support, troubleshoot issues, manage our Services, and respond to requests, questions, and comments;
●	Process transactions;
●	Communicate with you about our Services, including order confirmation, refund and renewal processing, notifying of matches for our Singles Service, Service announcements and administrative messages;
●	Communicate with you regarding promotions, including newsletters, new product offerings, special discounts, event notifications, special third-party offers;
●	Conduct market and consumer research and trend analyses;
●	Enable posting on our blogs, forums, and other public communications;
●	Perform accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation, and collection activities;
●	Prevent, detect, identify, investigate, and respond to potential or actual claims, liabilities, prohibited behavior, and criminal activity;
●	Comply with and enforce legal requirements, agreements, and policies;
●	Achieve purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection; and
●	For any other purpose with your consent.
One of the methods we use to communicate with you in connection with eHarmony’s Services may be by telephone or text message (including to any wireless number you may provide to us). For example, you may sign up for a text messaging service (“SMS Verification”) which enables eharmony to verify your phone number via a confirmed text message and display such verification in your public account (as a security measure for your matches’ benefit). If you would rather not receive telephone calls or text messages from us, you may change or delete your number from your account preferences page(s), or ask to be removed from our contact list if you receive a call or text message from us. You may also opt-out of the SMS Verification service at any time. Please note that we or one of our service providers may contact you by telephone in connection with an outstanding and past due balance on your account. Opting out of receiving telephone calls will not opt you out of receiving calls related to an outstanding balance.
In addition to the uses outlined above, by accessing or using our Services, you agree to allow us to anonymously use the information from you and your experiences to continue our research into successful relationships. This research, conducted by psychologists and behavior research scientists, may be published in academic journals. However, all of your responses will be kept anonymous, and no personal information will be published.
3. Mobile Push Notifications
We will send you push notifications if you choose to receive them for purposes of receiving notice of matches for our Singles Service, letting you know when someone has sent you a message, or for other Service-related matters. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications you may turn them off at the device level.
4. If Information is Not Provided
If you do not provide us with the personal information we request, this may limit our ability to fulfil the applicable purpose for collection and the services we are able to provide you. For example, we may not be able to consider or process your payment, match you with other users or provide a particular service you have requested.
5. Disclosure of Your Personal Information
In general we may share personal information we collect:
●	With current and future organizations that are part of our network of organizations for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including with your consent;
●	With affiliated and unaffiliated service providers who help us perform and deliver our Services, subject to confidentiality agreements, including: customer care agents; technology assistants; service fulfillment; form processing; website management and hosting; information technology and security; email and newsletter delivery; advertisement partners and corporate sponsors; auditing; collection agencies; and credit card processing;
●	With the appropriate authorities if we believe disclosure is necessary and appropriate to prevent physical, financial, or other harm, injury, or loss, including to protect against fraud or credit risk;
●	With legal, governmental, or judicial authorities as instructed or required by those authorities and applicable laws, or in relation to a legal activity, such as in response to a subpoena or investigation of suspected illicit or illegal activities, or where we believe in good faith that users may be engaged in illicit or illegal activities, or where we are bound by contract or law to enable a network partner to comply with applicable laws;
●	With necessary third parties in connection with, or during negotiations for, an acquisition, merger, asset sale, or other similar business transfer that involves all or substantially all of our assets or functions where personal information is transferred or shared as part of the business assets;
●	With your consent or at your direction, such as when you choose to share information or publicly post content and reviews (for example, social media posts); and
●	With persons of your choosing and at your discretion, should the Services you are subscribed to allow that functionality.
In addition, eHarmony may disclose personal information as follows.
●	To Your Matches. As an integral part of providing the eHarmony Service, we will disclose your profile information (including, but not limited to, last login date, whether you are currently online, your compatibility score) to your matches. Photos and other profile information posted by you will be available to subscribers that are matched with you. We never share your contact information with your matches.
●	To Comply with Valid Legal Requests. You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law, or if we, in our sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to (1) comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law); (2) protect or defend eHarmony’s, or a third party’s, rights or property; or (3) protect someone’s health or safety, such as when harm or violence against any person (including you) is threatened.
●	To Protect Abuse Victims. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions of Service, we reserve the right, but have no obligation, to disclose any information that you submit to the Services, if in our sole opinion, we suspect or have reason to suspect, that the information involves a party who may be the victim of abuse in any form. Abuse may include, without limitation, elder abuse, child abuse, spousal abuse, neglect, or domestic violence. Information may be disclosed to authorities that we, in our sole discretion, deem appropriate to handle such disclosure. Appropriate authorities may include, without limitation, law enforcement agencies, child protection agencies, or court officials. You hereby acknowledge and agree that we are permitted to make such disclosure.
●	To Trusted Third Parties By Us. We may share your information with third parties, but not in a manner that would reveal your identity. We may share your personal information, sometimes in conjunction with non-identifying information, with service providers that may be associated with us to perform functions on our behalf. For example, outsourced customer care agents or technology assistants may need access to your information to perform services for you. Your information will be treated as private and confidential by such service providers and not used for any other purpose than we authorize.
●	To Transfer As a Result of Sale of Business. As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets and, depending on the transaction, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. In the event that we are acquired by another company, your personal information may be part of the assets transferred to the acquiring party. If this occurs, you will be notified if there are any material changes to the way your personal information is collected or used.
●	To other Locales. We process all information, including your personal information, via our servers and networks located in the United States and Germany. Additionally, some of our service providers may be located in other jurisdictions. By using our services and expressly assenting to this privacy policy, you have consented to the transfer of your personal information solely for the purpose of providing you the services for which you have registered or to which you have subscribed. We take all reasonable steps to ensure that all overseas recipients will not hold, use or disclose your personal information inconsistently with applicable law.
6. Third-Party Advertising
We may use third-party advertising agencies or other service providers to serve ads on our website on behalf of eharmony. These companies may employ cookies or pixels to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and pixels is anonymous. Some of these third-party advertising agencies may be members of the Digital Advertising Alliance , which offers you the option to opt out of ad targeting from its member agencies by following the procedures listed here or for applications, access the AppChoices website here.
We will only share your information with third parties in the ways defined in this Privacy Policy.
7. Age Restrictions
We only accept registrations to our Services from users who are 18 years or older (or the age of majority in applicable jurisdictions), and any information we may receive from users we believe to be under the age of 18 will be purged from our database. If you believe that we may have collected any such personal information through our Services, please notify us as specified below.
8. Custom Audience
We may also use services provided by third-party platforms (such as social networking and other websites) to serve targeted advertisements on such platforms to you or others, and we may provide a hashed version of your email address or other information to the platform provider for such purposes. To opt-out of the use of your information for such purposes, please email us at usersupport@eharmony.com.
9. Security
We store information in a combination of electronic storage facilities, paper-based files and other records. While we cannot guarantee your personal information is completely secure at all times, we have administrative, organizational, technical, and physical security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information collected and processed. These measures include the use of firewalls, digital certificates, Security Socket Layer (SSL)and encryption technology during credit card transactions and administrative access to site data, as well as other proprietary security measures which are applied to all repositories and transfers of user information.
10. “Do Not Track” Signals
We do not process or respond to web browsers’ “do not track” signals or other similar transmissions that indicate a request to disable online tracking of users who use or visit our Websites. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed above (e.g., by disabling cookies). Please consult the “Help” section of your internet browser for more information.
11. Links to or Access from Other Sites
You may be able to access your account or content of your account from third party websites, such as social networking sites (e.g., Facebook), by way of various applications. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you with the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our registration form. The privacy policies and practices of such sites in connection with information you disclose on such sites may differ from the practices of eHarmony as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of any other websites that may provide access to, or be linked to or from, our Services, including that of any social networking sites. Please be aware that, should you choose to use the Facebook or Apple login feature for your eharmony account, you should not permit other persons to use your Facebook or Apple accounts or give other persons your login information for those websites. (See also Terms & Conditions, Section 2(e) (“Exclusive Use”).)
12. Choice/Opt-Out
You may use the following options for removing your information from our e-mail database if you wish to opt out of receiving promotional emails.
1.	Click on the "unsubscribe" link on the bottom of the e-mail;
2.	Send mail to the following postal address letting us know which promotional e-mails you wish to opt-out of:

eHarmony, Inc.
P.O. Box 241810
Los Angeles, CA 90024 USA
3.	
For the eHarmony Singles Service, select our Help link from your account home page and search our FAQ's to find the answer you are looking for, or send us an e-mail and our Customer Care agents will be happy to assist you; or
4.	For any Services that allow you to control which e-mails you receive, go to the Notifications page, and uncheck the undesired promotions.
13. Updating / Deleting Your Personal Information
eHarmony provides users the following options to access, change, correct, update or delete information previously submitted to us.
1.	Certain information (such as match settings, billing account/ payment method, and email address updates) may be updated by logging in to your account and updating directly.
2.	eHarmony requires that some personal information updates (such as date of birth changes) be processed by our customer care group for verification purposes and to protect other members. In order to make such personal information updates, please contact Customer Care at this link for further assistance.
3.	To request deletion of your personal account information, please access our FAQ’s and follow the process under the relevant account deletion FAQ. Requests for personal information deletion will be processed promptly.
14. Retention and Storage of Your Personal Information
We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws, and your consent to such purpose(s) remains valid after termination of your relationship with us. Except for information required for accounting or record-keeping purposes, we will automatically delete your personal information after 24 months of inactivity in a Basic Membership (as defined in the Agreement) unless we have a valid reason to retain such information.
Your personal information may be processed and stored outside of the jurisdiction or country in which you reside by us, an affiliate or an unaffiliated service provider for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and, under the laws of these other jurisdictions, in certain circumstances foreign courts, law enforcement agencies or regulatory agencies may be entitled to access your personal information.
15. Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices , you can contact us by writing to:
eHarmony, Inc.
P.O. Box 241810
Los Angeles, CA 90024 USAOr you can reach us by email at: privacy@eharmony.com.
16. Dispute Resolution
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact us at the address or email address listed above.
17. Residents of California - California Privacy Policy
This Section 17 of this Privacy Policy is applicable only to California residents and is effective as of January 1, 2020.
In addition to the information provided below, you can find
an exhaustive list here
of the categories of personal information eharmony has collected, used and/or disclosed in the last 12 months and the business or commercial purposes for which such information was collected.
California Consumer Rights
Effective January 1, 2020, under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), California residents have the right to know what categories of personal information we generally collect, use, disclose, and/or sell about them within the past 12 months. California residents have the right to know where that information came from, the business or commercial purposes for the collection, and the categories of third parties with and/or to whom that information was shared and/or sold within the past 12 months. Throughout this Privacy Policy, and specifically in this section, we have set out eharmony’s policies and processes as it relates to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
California residents also have the right to request access to that information on an individual level, to remove their personal information in accordance with applicable laws. Consumers who have a visual disability may be able to use a screen reader or other text-to-speech or text-to-Braille tool to review the contents of this notice.
Data Access Request
If you are a California consumer and you would like to submit a request to exercise your right to know what personal information eharmony has collected, used or disclosed to third parties in the 12 month period prior to your request, you can make a request by: (i) clicking on this link, signing in to your account on the linked webpage, and following the instructions to request a copy of your personal information, (ii) filling out the online Customer Care form available at this link, or (iii) sending us a request by mail to this address: eHarmony Inc., P.O. Box 241810, Los Angeles, CA 90024, Attn: CCPA Request to know. Please specify in your request the details you would like to know, including any specific pieces of personal information you would like to access.
Please note that your right to know can be exercised without justification and free of charge. However, we may request a fee, notably when requests are unfounded, excessive or have a repetitive character. We are not required to provide access to personal information more than twice in 12 months.
Data Deletion Request
If you are a California consumer and a Basic member (as defined in our Terms and Conditions) and you would like to exercise your personal data deletion rights, you can log into your account on our website, select Data & Settings, Profile Visibility and click “here” or click directly on this link to delete your profile and the data contained in your profile. Please note that this deletion on your own is only possible on our website and not in our apps. If you cannot log in on our Website, you need to submit a data deletion request as described below.
If you are a California consumer and a Premium member (as defined in our Terms and Conditions) and you would like to exercise your personal data deletion rights, you need to submit a data deletion request as described below.
To submit a data deletion request, you can fill out the online form available at this link, or send us a request by mail to this address: eHarmony, Inc., P.O. Box 241810, Los Angeles, CA 90024, Attn: CCPA Request for deletion.
Please note that your right to deletion can be exercised without justification and free of charge. However, we may request a fee, notably when requests are unfounded, excessive or have a repetitive character. We are not required to comply with your request to deletion in the following circumstances: (i) to perform our contract with you, (ii) to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for the activity, (iii) to debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality, and/or (iv) to comply with our obligation to maintain records of consumer requests made pursuant to the CCPA.
Verification Process
To protect your privacy, we must first verify your identity before we can respond to and process your request for access to specific data or to delete data. To do that and if you are a Basic or Premium member, please login and send us your request through one of the contact links above that we can easily identify you. If you maintain your eharmony account with a unique eharmony email/password combination (rather than Facebook or Apple login), you may be asked to re-input your login credentials as an additional verification step. If you maintain your eharmony account through Facebook or Apple login, then you may be asked to verify your identity by providing certain information, including but not necessarily limited to: your profile ID or email address associated with your account, and your service password (that is not your personal password), date of birth, or zip/postal code associated with your account.
If you request your data through the customer care form, we will request certain account information to verify your identity that may include the following: the email address associated with your profile, your profile ID and your service password (that is not your personal password), your date of birth, and/or your zip/postal code. Your profile ID and service password are assigned to you when you register to our Service. You can access these at any time in your online profile on our website in the section entitled “My Data & Settings” > “Manage Profile”. If you cannot provide us with such information, we will ask you to provide other account information to verify your identity.
Requests to opt out of selling of personal information, if applicable, do not need to be verified and will be honored in accordance with applicable laws.
We will make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your data when you request it, but there may be circumstances in which we may not provide access or delete data as allowed by law. For example, we are not required to delete personal information needed to provide a service you’ve asked us to provide, to detect fraudulent or illegal activity, required for bookkeeping or tax purposes (e.g., transaction data), or required for legal purposes. Also, we are not required to provide access to information that contains legal privilege, where your identity could not be verified, or where the information would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, like intellectual property rights. If we determine that your request for access or deletion should be denied or restricted in any particular instance, we will provide you with an explanation of why that determination has been made and a contact point for any further inquiries.
Authorized Agent
If you wish to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, please let us know when you make your request. You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf if: (i) the authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State of California; and (ii) you sign a written declaration that you authorize the authorized agent to act on your behalf.
If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right to know or your right to request deletion, please take the following steps:
●	Mail your written declaration authorizing the authorized agent to act on your behalf, certified by a California notary public, to this address: eHarmony, Inc., P.O. Box 241810, Los Angeles, CA 90024, Attn: CCPA Request; and
●	Provide any information we request as described above and/or in our response to verify your identity.

If you provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, it may not be necessary to perform these steps and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in accordance with the CCPA.
Non-Member / Visitor
If you are a California consumer and a non-member/visitor of our services and you would like to exercise your right to know or your right to deletion: please note that we only collect, use, and disclose non-name identifying information. For this reason, we do not have a reasonable method by which we could verify your identity, or individually verify all the members of a household, to the degree of certainty required under CCPA. Therefore, we are not able to comply with your request.
To know the categories of personal information we collect about you, the categories of sources from which we collect the personal information, the business and commercial purposes for which we collect and disclose the personal information, and/or the categories of third parties with whom we share the personal information, please refer to the table
exhaustive list available here
.
Data Retention
For Basic members: You can choose to remove the data in your profile at any time. You can also erase your profile data yourself by logging in to the eharmony website and starting the deletion process (see Data Deletion Request section). Otherwise, eharmony automatically erases personal profile data of Basic Members who are inactive for 24 months.
For Premium members: Your personal data will be stored for the duration of your Premium membership. However, we will erase your data at your request, provided that there is no statutory storage obligation that applies to that information. If your data is subject to a mandatory storage period, we will ensure that this information is isolated and stored until the expiration of the mandatory retention period. Once your Premium Membership is over, your Premium Membership will be converted into a Basic Membership. In this case, the description above relating to the retention period of Basic member data will apply.
eharmony will also store any personal data which is required to demonstrate that eharmony has lawfully complied with valid requests under the CCPA for the required period.
Additional Information
Any access or deletion requests that can be processed by us will be done so within 45 days from the date we receive your request unless we notify you that an extension is required. In case of an extended completion period, we will process your request within 90 days from the date of your original request. If we are unable to satisfactorily verify your identity, we will not be able to process your request.
We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise any of your privacy rights under California law.
Disclosure of Personal Information, No Sale
We disclose, and have disclosed over the preceding 12 months, certain categories of California residents’ personal information to the categories of third parties as shown in the table below.
We have not sold California residents’ personal information over the preceding 12 months and will not do so. We have not and will not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
California residents also have the right to request that we limit or stop the “selling” (a broad word used to also include some types of sharing) of their personal information under certain circumstances. However, we do not engage in selling personal information.
Categories of Personal Information, Collect, Use, and Disclose
Here is an exhaustive list of the categories of personal information we collect and have collected from California consumers within the past twelve months, the categories of sources from which that information is collected, the business or commercial purposes for which the information is collected, and the categories of third parties with whom eharmony shares personal information. Please note that these are categories of personal information as they are set forth under California law. We did not necessarily collect all specific pieces of personal information listed for any given person.
Other than the categories of third parties set forth in the attached chart, we do not disclose personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose.
Please note that this list also correctly and completely reflects the categories of personal information we have collected from California consumers, the categories of sources from which that information was collected, the business or commercial purposes for which the information was collected, and the categories of third parties with whom eharmony shared personal information for the past twelve months.
Contact for More Information or Questions?
If you have any questions about this section or about exercising your rights described above, you can contact us by mailing us at:
eharmony, Inc.
P.O. Box 241810
Los Angeles, CA 90024 USA
Or you can reach us by email at: privacy@eharmony.com.
18. Effective Date
This privacy statement was last revised on March 26, 2021.
Copyright © 2000-2021 eHarmony, Inc. All Rights Reserved. EHARMONY, and other marks, colors, and images are registered and common law trademarks of eHarmony, Inc. Other trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.
