( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used: 22
https://www.aarp.org/about-aarp/privacy-policy/
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Privacy_Statement
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Your_Rights_Choices
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Privacy_Statement
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Contact_Us
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Categories_of_Personal_Information
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Use_of_Personal_Information
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Sharing_Personal_Information
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Your_Rights_Choices
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#International_Data_Transfer
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Security
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Record_Retention
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Cookie_Statement
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Contact_Us
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Updates_to_Privacy_Statement
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Cookie_Statement
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Cookie_Statement
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Contact_Us
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/dnsmpi
https://www.expedia-aarp.com/lp/info-other/privacy-policy#Categories_of_Personal_Information
http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
)

Privacy Statement
Last Updated: April 13, 2020

The AARP Travel Center powered by Expedia values you as our customer and recognizes that privacy is important to you. This Privacy Statement explains how we collect, use, and disclose data when you use our platform and associated services, and tells you how to contact us. The terms "we", "us", "our" and "AARP Travel Center powered by Expedia” refer to AARP Travel Center powered by Expedia and/or our subsidiaries. The term "you" refers to the customer visiting the AARP Travel Center powered by Expedia and/or booking a reservation through us on the AARP Travel Center powered by Expedia, or through our customer service agents. By visiting this AARP Travel Center powered by Expedia website, you are accepting the practices described herein. Note that AARP will also receive your personal information. Their privacy statement can be reviewed here.
Privacy Statement Summary
This is a summary of our Privacy Statement. To review our Privacy Statement in full, please click here, or scroll down.
    What does this Privacy Statement cover?
This Privacy Statement is designed to describe:
    How and what type of personal information we collect and use
    When and with whom we share your personal information
    What choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your personal information
    What personal information do we collect and use, and how do we collect it? 
We collect personal information when:
    You give us the information
    We collect it automatically
    We receive it from others
When you create an account on AARP Travel Center powered by Expedia, sign up to receive offers or information, or make a booking using our platform, you give us your personal information. We also collect such information through automated technology such as cookies placed on your browser, with your consent where applicable, when you visit our site. . We also receive information from affiliated companies, business partners and other third-parties, which help us improve our platform and associated tools and services, update and maintain accurate records, potentially detect and investigate fraud, and more effectively market our services. 
    How is your personal information shared?
Your personal information may be shared to help you book your travel and/or vacation, assist with your travel and/or vacation stay, communicate with you (including when we send information on products and services or enable you to communicate with travel providers and/or property owners), and comply with the law. The full Privacy Statement details how personal information is shared.
    What are your rights and choices?
You can exercise your data protection rights in various ways. For example, you can opt out of marketing by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the emails, in your account as applicable, or contacting our customer service. Our Privacy Statement has more information about the options and data protection rights available to you.
    How to contact us
More information about our privacy practices is in our full Privacy Statement. You can also contact us as described below in the “Contact Us” section to ask questions about how we handle your personal information or make requests about your personal information.
*****************************
Privacy Statement
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
Use of Personal Information
Sharing of Personal Information
Your Rights and Choices
International Data Transfer
Security
Record Retention
Cookie Statement
Contact Us
Updates to Privacy Statement
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
When you use our platform and associated tools or services, we may collect the following kinds of personal information from you as needed:
    Name, email address, telephone number, and home, business, and billing addressees
    Government issued Identification required for booking or identity verification, such as passport, driver’s license, and government redress numbers, and for vacation property owners, tax identification number
    Payment information such as payment card number, expiration date, and billing address
    Travel-related preferences and requests such as favorite destination and accommodation types, and special dietary and accessibility needs, as available
    Loyalty program and membership information
    Birth date and gender
    Geolocation
    Images, videos, and other recordings
    Social media account ID and other publicly available information
    Communications with us (such as recordings of calls with customer service representatives for quality assurance and training purposes)
    Searches you conduct, transactions, and other interactions with you on our online services
    Other communications that occur through the platform among partners and travelers, and in-group chat and traveler-collaboration tools
    The searches and transactions conducted through the platform
    Data you give us about other people, such as your travel companions or others for whom you are making a booking
    Information we receive about you from third parties such as our business and affiliate partners and authorized service providers which may include updated contact information, demographic information, interests, and purchase history, which we may add to your account or profile and use for market research and analysis
When you use our platform, we automatically collect the following types of information from your device:
    IP address
    Device type
    Unique device identification numbers
    Internet browser-type (such as Firefox, Safari, Chrome, and Internet Explorer)
    Internet Service Provider
    Operating System
    How your device has interacted with our online services, including the pages accessed, links clicked, trips viewed, and features used, along with associated dates and times
    Details of any referring website or exit pages, as well as general geographic location (such as at the country or city-level)
Our Cookie Statement further explains how we use cookies and similar tracking technology.
Use of Personal Information
We use your personal information for various purposes described below, which depend on the site you visit.   
Your Use of the Site and Services:
    Book the requested travel or enable vacation property booking
    Provide services related to the booking and/or account
    Create, maintain, and update user accounts on our platform and authenticate you as a user
    Maintain your search and travel history, accommodation and travel preferences, and similar information about your use of AARP Travel Center powered by Expedia’s platform and services, and as otherwise described in this Privacy Statement
    Enable and facilitate acceptance and processing of payments, coupons, and other transactions
    Administer loyalty and rewards programs
    Collect and enable booking-related reviews
Communications and Marketing:
    Respond to your questions, requests for information, and process information choices
    Enable communication between you and the travel supplier like hotels and vacation property owners
    Contact you (such as by text message, email, phone calls, mail, push notifications, or messages on other communication platforms) to provide information like travel booking confirmations and updates, for marketing purposes, or for other purposes as described in this Privacy Statement
    Market our products and services, optimize such marketing to be more relevant to you, and measure and analyze the effectiveness of our marketing and promotions
    Administer promotions like contests, sweepstakes, and similar giveaways
Other Business Purposes and Compliance
    Conduct surveys, market research, and data analytics
    Maintain, improve, research, and measure the effectiveness of our site and activities, tools, and services
    Monitor or record calls, chats, and other communications with our customer service team and other representatives, as well as platform communications between or among partners and travelers for quality control, training, dispute resolution, and as described in this Privacy Statement
    Create aggregated or otherwise anonymized or deidentified data, which we may use and disclose without restriction where permissible
    Promote security, verify identity of our customers, prevent and investigate fraud and unauthorized activities, defend against claims and other liabilities, and manage other risks
    Comply with applicable laws, protect our and our users’ rights and interest, defend ourselves, and respond to law enforcement, other legal authorities, and requests that are part of a legal process
    Comply with applicable security and anti-terrorism, anti-bribery, customs and immigration, and other such due diligence laws and requirements
    Operate our business using lawful business purposes and as permitted by law
Sharing of Personal Information
We share your personal information as described below and in this Privacy Statement, and as permitted by applicable law.
    Third-party service providers. We share personal information with third-parties in connection with the delivery of services to you and the operation of our business (for example, to provide credit card processing, customer service, business analytics, and fraud prevention and compliance services, and to serve you with advertising tailored to your interests). These third-party service providers are required to protect personal information we share with them and may not use any directly identifying personal information other than to provide services we contracted them for. They are not allowed to use the personal information we share for purposes of their own direct marketing (unless you have separately consented with the third-party under the terms provided by the third-party).
    Travel suppliers. We share personal information with travel-related suppliers such as hotels, airlines, car-rental companies, insurance, vacation-rental property owners and managers, and where available, activity providers, rail, or cruise lines who fulfill your booking. Please note that travel suppliers may contact you to obtain additional information if and as required to facilitate your booking or to otherwise provide the travel or associated services.
    Business partners and offers. If we promote a program or offer a service or product in conjunction with a third-party business partner, we will share your information with that partner to assist in marketing or to provide the associated product or service.  In most of those cases, the program or offer will include the name of the third-party business partner, either alone or with ours, or you will be redirected to the website of that business with notice. An example of such a business-partner relationship would be a third-party loyalty program for which you could earn points by completing a booking on our platform.
    Other Third-Parties. When you access certain features like Facebook’s “Like” button or a single sign-on that allows you to login with your social media credentials to our online services, you will share information with the third-party, like a social media company, such as the fact that you have visited or interacted with us. In the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, and United Kingdom (UK) we will not load social media sharing or sign-on buttons on our website unless and until you accept our use of cookies and similar technologies. For more information, see our Cookie Statement. The third-party provider may combine this information with other information they have about you. The personal information shared will be governed by the third-party provider’s privacy policy (including any personal information we may access via the third-party provider). The third-party providers should inform you about how you can modify your privacy settings on their site.
    Legal rights and obligations. We may disclose your personal information to enforce our policies, or where we are permitted (or believe in good faith that we are required) to do so by applicable law, such as in response to a request by a law enforcement or governmental authority, in connection with actual or proposed litigation, or to protect and defend our property, people and other rights or interests. We may also share your personal information pursuant to a subpoena or other legal request, or as necessary to remit certain taxes in the course of processing payments as required by law or legal process.
    Corporate We may share your personal information in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, assignments or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. In the case of any acquisition, we will inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Statement.
Your Rights and Choices
You have certain rights and choices with respect to your personal information, as described below:
    If you have an account with us, you may change your communication preferences by either (1) logging in and updating the information in your account or (2) contacting us as indicated in the “Contact Us” section below
    You can control our use of certain cookies by following the guidance in our Cookie Statement
    You can update the accuracy of your information at any time by either logging into your account or contacting us
    If you no longer wish to receive marketing and promotional emails, you may unsubscribe by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in the email. You can also log into your account to change communication settings or contacting us as indicated in the “Contact Us” Section below.  Please note that if you choose to unsubscribe from or opt out of marketing emails, we may still send you important transactional and account-related messages from which you will not be able to unsubscribe
    If we are processing your personal information on the basis of consent, you may withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing that occurred before you withdrew consent and it will not affect our processing of your personal information that is conducted in reliance on a legal basis other than consent
For questions about privacy and your rights and choices, please contact us here.
For California residents:
California residents may exercise the following rights:
    To request a copy of your personal information
    To request disclosure of personal information sold or disclosed for a business purpose
    To request the deletion of personal information
    To opt out of the sale of personal information here:
Do not sell my personal information
International Data Transfer
This Privacy Policy is intended to capture information collected through AARP Travel Center powered by Expedia website from residents of the United States. If you are visiting AARP Travel Center powered by Expedia website from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated.
We have taken appropriate steps and put safeguards in place to help ensure that your personal information remains protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement. For example, any data transfers between our group companies are governed by our intragroup agreements which incorporate strict data transfer terms (including the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses, for transfers from the EEA) and require all group companies to protect the personal information they process in accordance with applicable data protection law.
We also require that third-party service providers to whom a data transfer is made has appropriate safeguards in place to protect your personal information, in compliance with applicable data protection law. The particular measures used will depend on the service provider, and our agreements with them may include European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses, the service provider's certification under the EU-U.S. and/or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield certification, or reliance on the service provider's Binding Corporate Rules, as defined by the European Commission.
Security
We want you to feel confident about using our platform and all associated tools and services, and we are committed to taking appropriate steps to protect the information we collect. While no company can guarantee absolute security, we do take reasonable steps to implement appropriate physical, technical, and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process.  
Record Retention
We will retain your personal information in accordance with all applicable laws, for as long as it may be relevant to fulfill the purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We will deidentify, aggregate, or otherwise anonymize your personal information if we intend to use it for analytical purposes or trend analysis over longer periods of time.
The criteria we use to determine our retention periods include:
    The duration of our relationship with you, or recent bookings or other transactions you have made on our platform
    Whether we have a legal obligation related to your personal information, such as laws requiring us to keep records of your transactions with us
    Whether there are any current and relevant legal obligations affecting how long we will keep your personal information, including contractual obligations, litigation holds, statutes of limitations, and regulatory investigations
Cookie Statement
Types of cookies and similar technologies
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent as files to your computer or mobile device when you visit most websites. Cookies may be delivered by us (first party cookies) or delivered by a third-party partner or supplier (third-party cookies). Cookies are either session cookies or persistent cookies. Session cookies enable sites to recognize and link the actions of a user during a browsing session and expire at the end of each session. Persistent cookies help us recognize you as an existing user and these cookies are stored on your system or device until they expire, although you can delete them before the expiration date.
Other similar technologies
    Web beacons, gifs, and clear gifs are tiny graphics, each with a unique identifier that are embedded invisibly on sites and in emails. Web beacons allow us to know if a certain page was visited or if ad banners on our site and other sites are effective. We also use web beacons in our HTML-based emails to let us know whether our emails have been opened by recipients, which helps us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications, promotions, and marketing campaigns.
    Proximity based beacons send one-way signals over very short distances, to communicate with associated mobile apps installed on your phone. They can notify you, for example, about experiences related to your trip and can alert you to related deals or promotions. Beacons communicate with your device only when you are in close proximity and only if you have given consent within the relevant mobile application.
    Pixels are small objects embedded into a web page that are not visible to the user. We use pixels to deliver cookies to your computer, facilitate the log-in process, monitor the activity on our site, and deliver online advertising.
    Tags are small pieces of HTML code that tell your browser to request certain content generated by an ad server. We use tags to show you relevant advertising and promotions.
    Scripts are pieces of JavaScript code that launch automatically when certain webpages load, to determine whether users view associated advertisements.
    Local Storage Objects, such as HTML 5, are used to store content and preferences. Third-parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity use Local Storage Objects to collect and store information.
All of the technologies described above will be collectively referred to in this Cookie Statement as “cookies”.
Use of cookies
We use cookies for a number of reasons, including to:
    Help us improve your experience when visiting our site
    Fulfill transactions and ensure our site perform as intended
    Remember your preferences, such as language, region, or currency
    Provide you with relevant advertising and analyze performance of the ads
    Enable you to return to previous travel searches
    Identify errors on our site
    Help with data protection and potentially detect and investigate malicious or fraudulent activity
    Help us understand traffic to our site, including time and date of the visit, time and date of the last visit, and other information
    Analyze how well our site are performing
Types of information collected by cookies
The types of information that we collect through cookies include:
    IP address
    Device ID
    Viewed pages
    Browser type
    Browsing information
    Operating system
    Internet Service Provider
    Whether you have responded to, or interacted with, an advertisement
    Referring or referred links or URLs
    Features used and activities engaged in on our site
See the Categories of Personal Information We Collect section above for more information on what types of information are collected automatically.
Types and functions of cookies
Essential Cookies
Certain cookies are required or “essential” for our site to function as intended. Essential cookies are necessary for you to navigate our site and use certain features like logging in to your account and managing your bookings. These cookies are also used to remember security settings that allow access to particular content. Lastly, we use essential cookies to collect information on which web pages visitors go to most, so we can improve our online services. You are not able to opt out of essential cookies.
Other Types of Cookies
We also use other types of cookies to make our site engaging and useful to you:
    Functional Cookies. We want to make sure when you visit our site, your preferences (such as your preferred language), settings, and previous searches are remembered. Functional cookies enhance your experience on this site.
    Analytics Cookies. We use analytics cookies to:
    Understand our site’s performance and how it is used, including the number of visitors, how long you stay on the site, and which parts of the site you visit. We can see details about how visitors interacted with the site, like the number of clicks visitors made on a given page, their mouse movements and scrolling activity, the search words visitors used, and the text visitors enter into various fields
    Test different designs and features for our site
    Monitor how our visitors reach our site
    Determine effectiveness of our advertising
    Improve our services, including your experience on our site
For analytics, our third-party service providers may use cookies to perform their services and may combine the information that they collect about you on our site with other information that they have collected. For example, we use Google analytics cookies to monitor the performance of our site. Our ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visit to our site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. This Cookie Statement does not cover such third-parties’ use of your information.
Some analytics cookies can perform tasks essential and/or functional to online services like enabling site improvements and testing changes on a site.  
    Advertising Cookies. AARP Travel Center powered by Expedia, and our third-party advertising partners may use advertising cookies to show you advertisements both on and off our site that are based on your interests. We may allow third-parties to collect information about your online activities through cookies to perform their services and may combine the information that they collect about you on our site with other information that they have collected. These third-parties include business partners who collect information when you view or interact with one of (1) their advertisements on our site or (2) our advertising or booking information on their sites and advertising networks, which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of the advertisements or tracking mechanisms they place on many different sites on the Internet. Our partners may make assumptions about your interests, characteristics, or preferences and add you to groups based on those assumptions in order to show you tailored advertisements. We do not have access to the cookies these third-parties may use to collect information about your interests, and the information practices of these third-parties are not covered by this Cookie Statement or our Privacy Statement. Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies. To learn more, please click hereand here.
Your information choices
You can choose not to receive tailored online advertising on this site and other sites and learn more about opting out of having your information used for tailored advertising purposes by accessing one of the following resources:
    http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
    http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
Note that if you choose not to receive tailored ads, you will still see online advertisements, but they will be general and less relevant to you.
How can you manage your cookies?
You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies whenever you like, but please remember if you do choose to reject cookies, your access to some of the functionality and areas of our site may be restricted.
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms.
Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to sites with which the browser communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether users are even aware of them. Participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization that is addressing this issue are in the process of determining what, if anything, sites should do when they receive such signals. We currently do not take action in response to these signals. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess our site’ responses to these signals and make appropriate updates to this Cookie Statement.
Contact Us
We want to make sure you have control over your online travel experience on AARP Travel Center powered by Expedia from planning and purchasing your travel to protecting your personal information. AARP Travel Center powered by Expedia customer service travel agents are ready to help with any travel concerns 24 hours a day, seven days a week. When you need help, use our feedback form. You may also call 1-800-675-4318. From outside the US or Canada, call us at 949-333-4391 around the clock to speak to a representative personally. We will do our best to respond to your request for assistance or other questions about AARP Travel Center powered by Expedia within 24 hours. In addition, you may directly contact the travel provider at the phone number or address provided on your travel itinerary.
Updates to Privacy Statement
We may update this Privacy Statement in response to changing laws or technical or business developments. You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Statement.
