( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/global-legal-pages/privacy-policy )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used: 11
mailto:?subject=Privacy policy and statement | ExxonMobil&body=Exxon Mobil Corporation and its affiliated companies, ("ExxonMobil") appreciate your interest in this Web site and other related or linked ExxonMobil sites (Site). %0ahttps://corporate.exxonmobil.com/global-legal-pages/privacy-policy
https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/Global-legal-pages/Our-privacy-policies/
mailto:data.privacy.office@exxonmobil.com
mailto:data.privacy.office@exxonmobil.com
https://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/
mailto:data.privacy.office@exxonmobil.com
https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/Global-legal-pages/Our-privacy-policies/
mailto:data.privacy.office@exxonmobil.com
mailto:Data.privacy.office@exxonmobil.com
)

Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Effective Date: January 1, 2020.
Last updated: December 20, 2019.

Exxon Mobil appreciates your interest in this Web site and other related or linked ExxonMobil sites (collectively, “Site”). Your privacy is important to us and we want you to understand our practices with respect to the gathering and handling of your personal data. This Privacy Policy describes those practices.
ExxonMobil provides additional privacy notices for specific uses of certain personal data.  For example, we provide additional notices to visitors to our facilities, to our suppliers, to job applicants, to users of specific mobile Apps, and to participants of our loyalty programs. The relevant ExxonMobil affiliates will process the personal data in accordance with the privacy notices they provide for such specific uses. When these notices apply to you, we recommend that you read them carefully. To the extent the personal data is collected from individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland or UK through the Site, we refer you to the EU Privacy Statement. 
You can find links to relevant notices and more information about ExxonMobil’s privacy program here.
1. INDIVIDUALS TO WHOM THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS ADDRESSED
This Privacy Policy is addressed to:
•	visitors of the Site;
•	recipients of electronic or other communications which contain or refer to this Privacy Policy; and
Information from Children
ExxonMobil does not seek through the Site to gather personal data from or about minors (as this term is defined by applicable law), nor does ExxonMobil sell the personal information of minors without affirmative authorization.
2. EXXONMOBIL'S COMPLIANCE WITH DATA PROTECTION LAWS
ExxonMobil is committed to collecting and using personal data in a lawful manner. ExxonMobil will ensure that, when it collects or uses personal data, such collection or use is allowed under applicable data protection law, including, for example, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or California Consumer Protection Act, where such laws govern.
For more information on particular data processing activities, the purposes of this processing, and a description of the specific personal data, please review the table in Section 3.  Individuals may object to the processing of their personal data and we will consider such objections carefully where required by law. For more information about your rights with respect to how we process your personal data, please refer to Section 8 and/or contact the ExxonMobil Data Privacy Office via data.privacy.office@exxonmobil.com.
3. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
In this table we describe the categories of information that we gather via the Site and in connection with our business relationship with you. We also describe the purpose and legal basis, where applicable, for using and processing the information.
When ExxonMobil relies on its legitimate interest as a legal basis to process personal data, ExxonMobil will ensure that these interests do not disproportionately and adversely impact an individual’s rights and freedoms.
When ExxonMobil relies on an individual’s consent as a legal basis to process personal data, individuals can withdraw their consent at any time. Visitors wishing to withdraw their consent should notify us at data.privacy.office@exxonmobil.com and we will stop the processing of your personal data as soon as reasonably possible.
Categories of personal data 	Business Purpose of processing of personal data 	Legal basis, where applicable, of processing 	Categories of sources 	Categories of third parties to whom information is shared, if applicable 
Identifiers, like an IP address (the Internet address assigned to your computer from your Internet Service Provider), domain type, browser type (e.g. Firefox, Chrome or Internet Explorer), device type, and date and time of day.	 
To enable the Site to communicate with the visitor’s computer or mobile device during Site visits.	ExxonMobil’s legitimate business interest to improve the relevancy of content provided through the Site, and to ensure the quality of our services during Site visits.	We collect this information automatically. 	We may share with technical developers and consultants hired to report web analytics.
Number of visits to the site; which parts of the Site visitors select, analytics to measure and observe user behavior, and device screen size. Contact details (names, addresses, e-mail addresses, and telephone numbers), personalization of the Site, completed order form, contest entry, survey feedback and other information you may provide us.	To improve and customize your experience on our Site.	ExxonMobil’s legitimate business interest to improve the relevancy of Site content and to ensure the quality of our services during Site visits. 	We collect this information automatically, directly from you or from vendors who may be assisting us with our business purposes.	We may share this information with digital agency partners, order fulfillment companies, companies conducting satisfaction surveys on our behalf, companies performing customer service duties, companies collecting rating and review data, and consultants hired to report web analytics.
Contact details (names, address, e-mail addresses, and telephone numbers), personalization of the Site, completed order form, contest entry, survey feedback and other personal data you may provide us.	To provide the products and services you request and to bill you for products and services you request.	ExxonMobil processes the personal data in order to conclude, execute, perform and administer the relevant agreement or order with you.	We collect this directly from you.	We may share this information with order fulfillment companies, companies conducting satisfaction surveys on our behalf, companies performing customer service duties, distributors and branded wholesalers.
Contact details, content of your request/feedback, completed order form, contest entry, and other personal data you may provide us.	To administer requests and feedback submitted through the Site.	By choosing to provide information to ExxonMobil, you accept that ExxonMobil processes the personal data you provided, in accordance with this Privacy Policy and with any relevant notices covering the specific use of the personal data. We may transmit your personal data to third parties if that is necessary for handling the request, in accordance with Section 5.	We collect this information automatically, directly from you or from vendors who may be assisting us with our business purposes.	We may share this information with order fulfillment companies, companies conducting satisfaction surveys on our behalf, companies performing customer service duties, companies collecting rating and review data, distributors and branded wholesalers.
Geolocation data of your computer or mobile device.	To provide you the route to service stations.
	By registering for routing services through the Site, you agree that we provide relevant route information and process your personal data for this purpose.

If you do not wish for us to use your geolocation information for this purpose, you can decline our request to read your geolocation information; in that case, some of the services of our Site may not be available. By allowing us to use geolocation information, you agree that we provide the information to vendors who assist us in the provision of services through the Site. 	We collect this information automatically.	We share this information with companies providing locator functionality.
Contact details, geolocation of your computer or mobile device, personalization of the Site, completed order form, contest entry, survey feedback, public social media postings and other personal data you may provide us.	To improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to tell you about ExxonMobil, and about our products and services which we think may be of interest to you, including for instance products and services suggested on the basis of weather information associated with the geolocation of your computer or mobile device, and provide you with relevant marketing/promotional information at trade associations and industry group events and conferences.	ExxonMobil’s legitimate business interest to market and promote and improve its products, services, content and advertising.
Geolocation information will be collected only with your prior explicit consent.
By choosing to register through the Site, you accept that we keep you posted on communications from ExxonMobil such as news releases, alerts, RSS feeds and blog posts and that we process the personal data you have provided for this purpose.	We collect this information automatically, directly from you or from public social media postings.	We may share this information with vendors who may be assisting us with our business purposes and companies providing locator functionality.
Any of the personal data referred to in this notice, provided the information is appropriately pseudonymized or anonymized, as required under applicable law.	For analytics and statistical purposes to help us design and administer the Site and to improve our products and services offering.	ExxonMobil’s legitimate business interest to ensure the relevance of the Site, to improve customer experience and ExxonMobil goods and services, and to promote our products and services.	We collect this information automatically, directly from you or from vendors who may be assisting us with our business purposes.	We may share this information with analytics vendors who may be assisting us with our business purposes.
4. COOKIES AND TARGETED ADVERTISING
Information placed on your computer when visiting the Site
We use cookies and other local storage technologies or files such as pixels, tags, web beacons and Local Shared Objects (sometimes called “flash cookies”) which we store on your computer or mobile device when you visit the Site. The cookies and files stored on your computer or mobile device facilitate customizing your use of the Site and help to avoid the need to re-enter your details every time you visit. You can erase or block this information from your computer.  Flash cookies may use parts of your device other than your browser, which means that you may not be able to control their use using browser tools and settings.  For more information about managing Flash cookies, please visit the Adobe Flash Player website.  Note: you will be taken to a third-party website.
To learn more about how to opt-out from cookies please click here (note: you will be taken to a third-party website).
We use vendors to monitor usage of our site and to provide site usage analytics. These vendors may use such information for business purposes in accordance with our contracts with them. 
For more information about the use of analytics, and about the cookies and files we place on your computer or mobile device, and how to erase or block them, see the Cookie Statement on the relevant Site. 
Note that some goods or services may not be available if you choose not to provide the necessary personal data.
Targeted advertising, and our use of social media sites
We may use the information we collect through the Site to help manage our on-line advertising.  For example, we may use information collected from the Site, to show you ads for our products and services when you visit other websites, e.g. third-party social media sites, news sites and (video) search engines. We use third-party advertising technology for this purpose. To learn more about third-party ad-serving technology and how to "opt-out" from such technology, please visit YourOnlineChoices.Com.  Note: you will be taken to a third-party website.
Our Site also provides links to others’ websites.  This may include social plug-ins to Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and other social media. In case we receive certain statistical information regarding the click-through via these links or social plug-in, we will treat such statistical information in accordance with applicable laws. By clicking on such links or social plug-ins, an online connection will be established between your browser and the servers of the relevant websites and as a result certain personal data may be collected by these websites. ExxonMobil does not own, control or maintain these websites. We recommend that you review the privacy policy of these other sites carefully and contact the operator if you have concerns or questions. ExxonMobil is not responsible for the way other handle personal data and makes no representations or warranties about the privacy practices and accuracy of the content of those sites. 
Similarly, ExxonMobil is not responsible for the policies and practices of any website from which you linked to our Site.  
We may use information collected through the Site to analyze links between your usage of the Site and your usage of other applications (e.g. our mobile payment App) across the different types of devices you use to access the Site or applications, in order to improve your cross-application experiences. In doing so, we use cookie files and other storage technologies on our Site in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the cookie statement on the Site. 
5. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA TO EXTERNAL PARTIES
We contract with other companies and persons to perform functions on our behalf. They have access to personal data needed to perform these business purposes.
For example, ExxonMobil may share your personal data with vendors in order to allow ExxonMobil to fulfill orders and make deliveries, to send postal mail, and e-mail, to manage customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, host websites, process card payments, and provide and improve customer service. Furthermore, communicating via the Internet and sending information, products, and services to you by other means necessarily involves your personal data passing through or being handled by third-parties.
These service providers have access to your personal data needed to perform our business purposes, but may not use it for other purposes. 
Before any personal data is shared with service providers, we enter into a written agreement which requires them: (1) not to make any unauthorized disclosures of the personal data; (2) to use the personal data only for the specified purposes and only according to the instructions received from ExxonMobil; (3) to retain the personal data only as long as necessary or to protect company interests; and (4) to have in place adequate and appropriate security measures. 
In some circumstances, ExxonMobil will disclose personal data to vendors, legal advisors, Exxon, Mobil, or Esso-branded fuel station operators, payment and loyalty card issuers, other contracted parties and competent authorities. These external parties process the personal data on their own behalf, for instance: if required by law, in order to defend ExxonMobil’s rights, or to handle individuals’ complaints and requests. We may also share your information in connection with a transfer of assets, or if we are otherwise involved in a merger or transfer. Only when permitted by applicable law and with your consent as required, will we distribute personal data to vendors, such as ExxonMobil distributors, for the purpose of allowing them to market their products and services to you. 
ExxonMobil does not, and will not, sell personal information to third parties. ExxonMobil does permit third parties to collect information through our Sites (for example via cookies) in order to show advertisements for our products and services when the user visits other websites. Where required by law, we will seek your prior consent before such information is collected via our Sites. The third parties may also use the information for interest-based advertisement of other products and services. The advertisements are based on the users’ online activities over time and across different sites, services, and devices (“interest-based advertising”). Our cookie statements provide information about which third parties collect information via the Site for interest-based advertisement purposes. We recommend that you review the privacy policy of those third parties. 
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
6.1 Transfers between affiliates
The relevant ExxonMobil affiliate who is the Data Controller may make personal data available to other ExxonMobil affiliates and may transfer some or all of the personal data to ExxonMobil servers located worldwide in accordance with applicable law. 
The transfer of personal data from the EEA, UK and Switzerland to recipients located outside such territories is subject to restrictions. ExxonMobil has taken steps so that personal data receives an adequate level of data protection at all ExxonMobil locations. These steps include ExxonMobil affiliates entering into Inter Affiliate Agreements containing the EU “Standard Contractual Clauses”. 
The EU Standard Contractual Clauses have been approved by the European Commission and relevant European authorities as offering adequate protection for transfers of personal data outside the EEA, UK and Switzerland. 
6.2 Transfers to third parties
When transferring personal data, ExxonMobil puts in place safeguards to ensure that the recipient adequately protects the personal data. With respect to the transfer of personal data from the EEA, UK and Switzerland to outside such territories, ExxonMobil relies on (1.) EU “Standard Contractual Clauses”, (2.) contractual safeguards imposed on the recipient which is contracted by ExxonMobil affiliates outside of EEA, UK or Switzerland (so-called onward transfers), and (3.) protections available under local law for the recipient established in a country deemed adequate by the EU Commission. Where permitted, and as applicable, we will rely on the individual’s consent.
For more information about specific transfer mechanisms, including information on existing safeguards implemented by ExxonMobil, please contact data.privacy.office@exxonmobil.com.
7. ACCURACY OF PERSONAL DATA
ExxonMobil endeavors to keep personal data that it collects accurate and complete. ExxonMobil relies on the individuals to maintain the accuracy and completeness of the personal data. Please inform ExxonMobil if your personal details change, including the context in which the personal data was provided, e.g. in connection with a specific product or service. 
8. INDIVIDUAL'S RIGHTS
Applicable law may give you certain rights with respect to your personal data. 
In California consumers may have the right to delete their data, to access and port personal data collected, used, or disclosed by ExxonMobil, and to exercise these rights freely from discrimination. 
In order to submit a verifiable consumer request to exercise your right to know about, or delete, your personal information, please visit ExxonMobil’s privacy program landing page where you may submit your request via email, web form or via phone. 
Under data privacy laws in the EEA, UK and Switzerland, applicable law gives consumers the right to: access their personal data; have inaccurate or incomplete personal data rectified; restrict the processing of their personal data, under certain circumstances; object to the processing operations, having regard to the given circumstances and for reasons related to their particular situation; or have personal data erased when such data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it has been collected, in accordance with applicable law. 
In some circumstances, you also have a right to request a portable extract of your personal data, which will allow you to reuse your personal data for your own purposes. 
You also have a right to lodge a complaint to the data protection supervisory authority in your country.
For more information about the specific mechanisms available to exercise these rights, please contact the data.privacy.office@exxonmobil.com. 
To facilitate our efforts to address your request, please let us know the circumstances in which you initially provided ExxonMobil with your personal data, e.g. in connection with a specific product or service.
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms. Some mobile web browsers transmit "do-not-track" signals. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. We currently do not take action in response to these signals.
9. AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING
ExxonMobil does not use automated decision-making unless it is (i.) necessary for entering into, or performance of, a contract between the Individual and ExxonMobil and its affiliates, (ii.) permitted or required by law, or (iii.) based on the Individual’s explicit consent. 
Automated decision-making refers to decisions that produce legal effects concerning an Individual or significantly affect the Individual and which are based solely on automated processing (i.e. no human intervention) of personal data. ExxonMobil shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the Individual’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests when automated decision-making is used.
10. RECORDS RETENTION
ExxonMobil retains personal data as long as necessary to meet the purposes for which the data was collected, to exercise its legal rights and to ensure compliance with applicable law.
11. QUESTIONS AND COMPLAINTS
ExxonMobil is committed to protecting your personal data as described in this Privacy Policy and as required by applicable laws. If you have any questions about this notice or our handling of your personal data, or if you would like additional information, please contact:
•	Data Privacy Office 
c/o ExxonMobil Business Support Center Hungary Ltd.
Váci út 81-85
Budapest
H-1139
Hungary
•	Data.privacy.office@exxonmobil.com
The Data Privacy Office will ensure all data protection complaints are resolved in a timely manner as set out in the applicable Data Privacy laws and the Data Subject is informed when appropriate.
12. EXXONMOBIL AND AFFILIATES
“ExxonMobil” and/or “ExxonMobil affiliates” mean (a) Exxon Mobil Corporation or any parent of Exxon Mobil Corporation, (b) any company or partnership in which Exxon Mobil Corporation or any parent of Exxon Mobil Corporation now or hereafter, directly or indirectly (1) owns or (2) controls, more than fifty per cent (50%) of the ownership interest having the right to vote or appoint its directors or functional equivalents (“Affiliated Company”) and (c) any joint venture in which Exxon Mobil Corporations, any parent of Exxon Mobil Corporation or an Affiliated Company has day to day operational control.
13. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice. When we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this page and update the revision date at the top of the Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy regularly for updates.

