( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://www.frc.org/privacy-policy )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used:
https://www.frc.org/get.cfm?c=CONTACT_FRC&step=2&iss=CORR
https://www.frc.org/get.cfm?c=CONTACT_FRC&step=2&iss=CORR
https://frc.org/contact

)

Privacy Policy
FRC's commitment to your privacy
We believe the relationships we have with our supporters are key to our continued success. Therefore, it is important for us to provide you with a clear understanding of how we utilize your personal information.
How we store your personal information
When you provide us with your name and contact information, it is recorded in a secure database that is owned and managed by FRC.
How we use your personal information
FRC values your privacy, and never sells or rents constituent information to third parties. On rare occasion, FRC may decide to exchange lists containing e-mail and/or postal address information of our constituency with like-minded organizations whose missions closely resemble that of Family Research Council, such as our sister organization, FRC Action. Upon request via postal mail, e-mail, or telephone, Family Research Council will provide to those which inquire, a summary of any personally identifiable information retained by FRC regarding their direct information and the identity of other organizations who have been provided their personal information within the past 12 month period. FRC constituents may modify, correct, change or update their own personally identifiable information that FRC has collected or opt out of communication from us at any time by contacting Family Research Council online, via postal mail or by telephone at 1-800-225-4008 during regular business hours.
Information we collect
FRC uses cookies and other technologies like pixel tags as a part of the service that we offer to our customers. This helps us identify and track visitors, usage, and access preferences for our services, as well as track and understand email campaign effectiveness and to deliver personalized content.
How we track visitors to the web site
An IP address is the unique number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you log onto the Internet. As you enter FRC 's site, our server records and monitors your IP address and uses it to develop aggregated statistical analysis. These analyses assist us in refining and adapting the content and design of our site. The use of IP addresses also enables us to prevent malicious Internet users from masquerading as other users.
How we use "Cookies"
A cookie is a piece of text or data that can be stored in the memory of your web browser. This data can only be retrieved by the server/domain that places the cookie. FRC employs cookies for the following purposes:
•	To hold shopping cart data (items that you wish to purchase).
•	To enable automatic form validation/entry (if "remember me" is selected in site store).
•	To enable online polling (cookies allow us to limit a user's response to one).
•	To compile statistics concerning items offered online.
FRC NEVER stores financial or Credit Card data within cookies. Those who feel uncomfortable with cookie technology can disable cookies within their browser settings. FRC .org is designed to operate with or without cookies. However, some functionality will be removed when cookies are disabled. Disabling cookies will prevent participation in online polling and could result in the loss of shopping cart information.
The option to cancel mailings and emails
Upon registering, you may begin receiving communications from us. These messages will always contain unsubscribe instructions. If you would like to correct, update, add, or delete personal information, simply let us know by clicking here or telephoning 1-800-225-4008 Mondays through Fridays 8:30 AM to 5:30 PM .
Surveys
From time to time our site may request information from users via surveys. Participation is completely voluntary. Information requested may include demographic information (such as age and zip code). This information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Mobile Alerts
Terms & Conditions
What are your mobile terms?
When you provide us with your mobile phone number, you agree that Family Research Council may send you text messages (including SMS and MMS) to that phone number. Message send may vary. You will receive a confirmation text message, and you may need to reply as instructed to complete registration. Message and data rates apply. Reply STOP to cancel, HELP for help. You agree to receive a final text message confirming your opt-out. You may opt-out at any time by texting the word STOP to shortcode 67742. For help, send a text message with the keyword HELP to shortcode 67742. Texts may be sent through an automatic telephone dialing system. Consent is not required to purchase our goods or services. You agree to notify us of any changes to your mobile number and update your account us to reflect this change. Your carrier may prohibit or restrict certain mobile features and certain mobile features may be incompatible with your carrier or mobile device. Contact your carrier with questions regarding these issues.
What can I expect to receive?
When you provide us with your mobile phone number and opt-in to the SMS program, you agree that Family Research Council and affiliated entities may send you event invitations and public policy informational alert text message (including SMS and MMS) to that mobile phone number.
How do I sign up for these text messages?
Opt-in to FRC's SMS communications by texting one of the textwords below to 67742.
•	Text "STAND" to 67742 to receive national alerts, events, and organization resources. 10 msg/month.
•	Text "BIBLE" to 67742 to receive weekly passages and questions for the Bible Reading Plan. 4 msg/month.
•	TEXT "SC" to 67742 to receive updates about events and resources from Stand Courageous, FRC's men's ministry. 3 msg/month.
For these textwords, message send varies. Msg & Data Rates May Apply. Unsubscribe by texting STOP to 67742. Text HELP to 67742 for help. 
How do I opt out of these text messages?
You can cancel the SMS service at any time. Just text STOP to 67742. After you send the SMS message STOP to us, we will send you an SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this, you will no longer receive SMS messages from us. If you want to join again, just sign up as you did the first time by texting the appropriate keyword to 67742 and we will start sending SMS messages to you again.
Will I be charged for the text messages I receive?
FRC will never charge you for the text messages you receive however standard message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. Message send may vary. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider. For all questions about the services provided through the number 67742, you can visit https://frc.org/contact.
Mobile Alerts Privacy policy
FRC is dedicated to protecting your privacy and work hard to ensure our website, and services are both safe and secure for our visitors, clients, and subscribers.
Protection of Information
Any information communicated to text messaging and or storage will remain in the ownership of the user, which will be stored securely in accordance with our security policy and the law. FRC will take the necessary steps to secure your personal information with safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. FRC will, at no time, rent or redistribute this information without your consent, except where legally required to do so.
Subscribing and Unsubscribing
It is policy, that just as a user must opt into a text informational list, they have the right to opt out of a particular text list as well. When a user opts out of a text list, they will no longer receive any texts unless they, themselves, re-subscribe.
Limits On Our Abilities
Even though your privacy is of the utmost importance to us, due to standing legalities, we cannot promise that personal information will not be divulged to third parties in ways not explained by this privacy policy. Furthermore, we can (and you give us permission to) divulge any information about you to private entities, law enforcement or other government officials, as we, in our sole vigilance, believe needed to address and/or answer questions or resolve problems.
FRC reserves the right to change this privacy policy at its discretion. Your continued use of this service after changes to this privacy policy have been posted is taken as acceptance of those changes. It is your responsibility to monitor the privacy policy to determine whether any changes have been made. This privacy policy is subject to and applicable to all privacy laws.
You acknowledge that accepting this privacy policy is a condition of your relationship with FRC and its services and you agree to be bound by all of its terms and conditions.
Recording information from "email this page to a friend"
If a user elects to use our referral service to inform a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's email address for the purpose of sending the requested information. The recipient may receive a few emails of interest, and their information will be purged in 60 days if they do not opt-in to further communications FRC.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy
By using this site and services, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any policy described in this Privacy Policy, your only remedy is to discontinue use of this site and services. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we change our policy, we will post those changes on our site so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Your continued use of any portion of the site following the posting of such changes will constitute your acceptance of those changes. Please remember that protection of your privacy begins with you. You should always exercise caution whenever disclosing information online.