( Date Accessed: 6/02/2021, From: https://www.taringa.net/terms-and-conditions )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used:
https://www.taringa.net/privacy
)

Terms and Conditions
Last update: 07/15/2020
These Terms and Conditions (" General Conditions ") constitute the norms and rules established by Taringa! (" Taringa! "), Relating to all the services that currently exist or that may be included in the future within the website www.taringa.net and its application (the " Services ", the " Site " and the " Application ", respectively ). These Services, although they may be free, are not free to use, but are subject to a set of guidelines that regulate their use, including these General Conditions. These General Conditions apply to all visitors, users and other people who access the Site and / or the Services (" Users ").
EACH USER SHOULD READ THESE GENERAL CONDITIONS CAREFULLY, SINCE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE LEGAL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF TARINGA! AND THE USERS. ACCESS AND / OR USE OF THE SITE, THE APPLICATION AND / OR ANY OF THE SERVICES BY A USER, IMPLIES THAT SUCH USER HAS READ, UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE PRESENT GENERAL CONDITIONS.
These General Conditions must be read together with the privacy policies of Taringa !, which are available at the following link: https://taringa.net/privacy (the "Privacy Policies"). At all events, the provisions contained in the Privacy Policies will be considered incorporated into these by reference.
The use that a User makes of the Services included in the Site and / or the Application, will only be considered lawful and authorized when it is in compliance with the obligations imposed, with the limits and scope outlined here, as well as those arising from provisions complementary or accessory, and / or the different national and international legal regulations whose application corresponds.
Taringa! may at any time and without prior notice modify these General Conditions. Such modifications will be operative as of their publication on the Site and / or the Application, indicating in the header of these the date of the last update. Users must keep updated regarding the terms included herein by periodically entering the corresponding section within the Site and / or the Application.
Acceptance by Users
When a User accesses the Site and / or the Application and / or uses the Services and / or any of the existing contents, said circumstance will imply the knowledge and full acceptance with respect to each and every one of the provisions contained in these General Conditions by said User.
The User who does not accept, is in disagreement, or incurs in breach of the provisions set by Taringa! In these General Conditions, you will not have authorization to use the Services and content that exist or may exist on the Site and / or the Application, having to refrain from accessing and / or using the Site and / or the Application and / or the Services by any means.
Legal capacity of users.
Only those who, according to the legislation in force in their place of residence, are of legal age and can validly issue their consent for the celebration of contracts. Those who, in accordance with current legislation, are not of legal age or do not possess such capacity to validly access or bind themselves to the General Conditions established herein, must inexcusably obtain prior authorization from their legal representatives, who will be held responsible for all acts. made by the incapacitated in their charge.
In the case of lack of capacity due to minority of age, the responsibility in determining the Services and contents to which minors access corresponds to the elderly in whose charge they are, however, in no case will access be allowed to the Site and / or the Application and / or the Services by minors under 18 years of age.
User registration.
To access the Site and / or the Application and / or use some Services provided by Taringa !, the mere acceptance of these General Conditions is sufficient. However, for the use of some functions of the Site and / or the Application, of other specific Services or to access certain content, the prior registration of the User within the Site and / or the Application may be established as a requirement. The purpose of said registration will be to establish the identity and contact information of the User, information that will be associated with their account within the Site and / or the Application.
Whenever information is required for the registration of a User, it must be reliable and adequate, and will have the character of an affidavit. When the information provided does not respond to the real circumstances of the person providing it, such User will be considered in breach of these General Conditions, being responsible for all the damages that they derive for Taringa! or third parties as a consequence of such lack of veracity or accuracy. Also, in this case Taringa! will be empowered to close the User account in order to prevent the same from continuing to use the Site and / or the Application and / or the Services.
The User will have, once registered, a username and password that will allow personalized, confidential and secure access to their personal account within the Site and / or the Application. The Services subject to registration have been conceived for the personal use of the requesting User, therefore, the username and access password granted by Taringa! They may only be used by him, and their use by someone other than him is prohibited. The registered User will assume the obligation of safekeeping and custody of their username and access password, and must immediately inform Taringa! when they have lost their confidentiality status, and / or when they are used by a third party.
It will also be the responsibility of each User to keep their personal information registered in the registry updated as necessary, and must notify Taringa! whenever there are changes in relation to it.
Taringa! may reject any application for registration or cancel a previously accepted registration, without such decision having to be justified, and without generating any right for the benefit of the User.
In all cases, and in accordance with the Privacy Policies of Taringa!, The personal information provided by the Users will be subject to adequate treatment and preservation, safeguarding its privacy. However, the services of Taringa! They were designed among other purposes to allow Users to access certain (non-sensitive) data of other Users, allowing interaction between them within a social network scheme. Consequently, by delivering any personal information other than his name, the User waives any expectation of privacy that he has with respect to the use of that personal information provided within the Site and / or the Application. Users who do not want their photograph or image, website, city of residence, nationality, or personal description entered on the Site, may be provided to the public should not be registered in Taringa! nor use the Site and / or the Application and / or the Services.
Free access to the Services.
Beyond the obligation to comply with each and every one of these General Conditions, all services and content offered on the Site are freely accessible by Users. Free accessibility includes the free services, which will not be subject to the payment of any fee or remuneration towards Taringa !.
Such gratuity does not apply to third-party Services provided through the Site, which may not be free, and in the same sense, those regarding services and / or content, current or future, on which Taringa! decide to establish a fee for its use by Users.
Free access and gratuity do not include Internet connection facilities. In no case will Taringa !, provide Users with the necessary connectivity for them to access the Internet. The provision of the technical means necessary to access the Internet will be the sole responsibility, position and responsibility of each User.
Without prejudice to the provisions of this point, Taringa! expressly reserves the right to establish any fee, fee or cost to access or use all or any part of the Site and / or the Application and / or the Services. This circumstance will be made known to the Users sufficiently in advance, and those Users who do not wish to pay the corresponding cost may choose to stop using the Site and / or the Application and / or the affected Services.
Of the services and contents in particular.
Taringa! is an Internet site based on a communication tool, which allows its Users to be contacted so that they can share opinions, comments, and in general any type of information that is of interest to them. The objective of Taringa! It is the creation of a communication and entertainment environment as wide as possible, aimed at the Internet public in general.
From the post
The main service that Taringa! makes available to Users is the possibility of knowing the statements expressed by other Users, published on the Site and / or the Application in the form of messages or "posts". To obtain access to view and read the posts, only the acceptance of these General Conditions is sufficient; However, the creation and posting of a post, as well as certain functionalities, will only be reserved for registered Users.
Creation and fixation
Those who register in Taringa! they will be able to publish their posts freely, for this Taringa! makes available to registered Users a tool for the creation and editing of their posts, together with the necessary means for their storage and display within the Site and / or the Application and / or the Services.
Post content
The posts that Users incorporate may only contain text. When the User intends to insert photographs, images, illustrations, videos, animations, or reference to files or sites outside of Taringa! In his post, he may only do so through links, by indicating the address Uniform Resource Locator (" URL " ) where the file you intend to associate with your post is hosted.
Taringa! It will only proceed to the publication of the URL of the associated file, being able in certain cases to make an embedded link that allows the visualization of the link within the Site. Consequently, in no case will Users be able to transfer files to the Site in order for them to be incorporated into their post, or generally carry out an upload to the Site itself, in such a way that those files (or a copy of them) come to reside on the servers of Taringa !. Similarly, there are no files on the site intended for download by Users.
Taringa! is a site dedicated to communication between people, through a social network structure.
TARINGA! IT DOES NOT ACT AS A FILE EXCHANGE SITE.
TARINGA! DOES NOT ACT LIKE A TRACKER.
TARINGA! IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A PEER TO PEER (“ P2P ”) NETWORK .
About the links incorporated in the posts
A link within a web page (also called a link, link, hyperlink or, hyperlink) is an element that refers to another resource, for example, another page or website.
Thus the links to various files that Users incorporate in the posts published in Taringa! They allow invoking a specific web page, or a specific position on a web page, but in all cases the links will always refer to web pages owned by third parties and beyond the control of Taringa !.
Links are simple links that direct to certain information or activate certain content, but in no case do they constitute reproductions of the content to which they link.
Aspects to take into account about the incorporation of links:
One of the main economic rights of an author is the reproduction of his work, this right confers the power to prohibit reproductions of his work without prior and express authorization. A link does not violate the right of reproduction, the URL addresses are mere facts that are not protected by copyright because they do not imply the making of a copy of a work. However, when the author or the owner of the rights over a work has not published it, no one without their authorization could lawfully do so, therefore, USERS MAY ONLY ASSOCIATE LINKS TO THEIR POSTS THAT REFER TO WORKS THAT HAVE BEEN LICITLY PUBLISHED ON THE INTERNET BY THE OWNER .
Rate posts:
This functionality consists of the possibility that registered Users have after passing the “novice” stage, to carry out a weighting or rating on the posts posted by other Users.
The rating received by each post will be displayed on it, and the set of ratings received by a User based on their posts will establish the User's total score, in this way the User will be able to know the general opinion of the other Users expressed through of the qualification of which their posts were deserving.
From the comments.
Another of the services provided by Taringa !, reserved only for registered Users, is the possibility of incorporating comments in the form of messages on a post from another User, in such a way that it allows an exchange of opinions or contributions on the post that comes to comment. .
Of the contact between Users.
Additionally Taringa! provides the possibility for Users to meet and establish direct communication with other Users, establishing a contact system through chat sessions, or through the information provided by them to be incorporated into their profile.
Common provisions.
As detailed in point 6; All Users will be exclusively responsible for the posts and comments they post.
The preceding enumeration is for the sole purpose of enunciation and not exhaustive. Taringa! You may add, modify, delete all or part of the Services and content, without requiring prior notification or approval of any kind. Unless otherwise stipulated, all new content or expansion of existing ones will be governed by these General Conditions.
Use of the services and content provided by the Site
Users must use the Services, and access the contents of the Site and / or the Application in accordance with the provisions established in these General Conditions; the legal system to which they are subject by reason of the place, the people, or the matter in question, considered as a whole; and according to the conduct guidelines imposed by morality, good customs and due respect for the rights of third parties.
Prohibited use of the services or contents
Any use of the Services that is intended to infringe the rights of third parties, violate the legal order or constitute an offensive practice to public modesty, will be considered as PROHIBITED USE of the Site, the Services or contents, as long as it violates the purposes for which was made available to Users.
It will be considered as PROHIBITED USE , among others, the posting of posts, messages or comments, their propagation, as well as the indication of links to web pages, which:
Are offensive to the very personal rights of individuals, with special reference to the right to honor, dignity, privacy, not to be the object of discriminatory treatment, health, image, and the free expression of ideas; with absolute independence from the legal body where such rights acquire recognition.
Infringe upon third-party intellectual property rights.
Has inappropriate content.
Its purpose is to violate the security, and / or normal operation of the computer systems of Taringa! or third parties.
Induce, instigate or promote criminal, illegal, dysfunctional or morally reprehensible actions, or constitute a violation of the intellectual property rights of third parties.
Incorporate any form of advertising or commercial purpose not allowed by Taringa !.
Its purpose is to collect information from third parties in order to send them advertising or propaganda of any kind or kind, without this being expressly requested.
Benefits Program for Users
Taringa! may - without being obliged to - offer its Users participation in a benefit program by virtue of which certain benefits or rewards are granted to Users as a result of their interaction with the Site and / or the Application (the " Benefit Program ”). Access to the aforementioned benefits or rewards will be channeled through the granting of tokens called “T! Coin ”(hereinafter the“ T! Coins”), Which will constitute a cryptographic representation of the points obtained by Users under the Benefits Program. The T! Coin will entitle their holders to exchange them for certain benefits, products and / or services offered by Taringa! and / or third parties, who will be informed by Taringa! to Users from time to time through the Site and / or the Application and / or the Services (hereinafter, the " Benefits ")
Participation, by Users, in the Benefits Program and / or the use of T! Coins by them to access the Benefits, will imply that said Users understand and agree to be bound by these General Conditions in relation to their participation in the Benefits Program and the use of the T! Coins.
It is expressly established that the T! Coins do not have any monetary value (that is, they do not represent cash, or equivalent, nor can they be converted into legal tender), and they do not constitute or grant their holders property of any kind. The T! Coins cannot be sold or transferred to other Users, and cannot be exchanged for cash or other goods and services, except those authorized by Taringa! within the Benefits Program. Users will not hold any property, property rights, intellectual property, or monetary interest over the T! Coins. Also, the T! Coins are not refundable. Consequently, the T! Coins that have been exchanged for the Benefits offered by Taringa! within the framework of the Benefits Program, they cannot be returned. Users will not be able to buy, sell or trade no T! Coin (neither for money, nor for any other consideration or items of value not authorized by Taringa !, either inside or outside the Site and / or the Services).
Taringa! and the Users agree that any transfer attempt made in contravention of the provisions above will be void. In such a case, the T! Coins and / or Benefits that have been sold, bought or transferred to any title without approval from Taringa! will expire by right, and the people who are in possession of said T! Coins and / or Benefits will not be able to continue using them.
Taringa! does not guarantee a minimum period of validity of the Benefits Program, so said Benefits Program may be suspended or terminated by Taringa! at any time and at its sole discretion, without the right of the Users to any type of compensation or claim.
Taringa! may modify the terms and conditions of the Benefit Program at its discretion, and such modifications may cause the T! Coins were more or less common, desirable, effective or functional. Taringa! can also increase the number of T! Coins necessary to access a certain Benefit, as well as to cancel any exchange and apply restrictions to exchanges, even in the event that such changes affect the usefulness of the T! Coins or the ability to obtain certain Benefits. Users will not rely on the continued availability of any Benefit, or level or category of Benefits.
Taringa! reserves the right to modify and update its stock of T! Coins without prior notice. Taringa! reserves full ownership and all rights and interests over the and stocks of T! Coins, as well as all copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights over them. Consequently, any inventory of T! Unused coins will be returned to Taringa! at the time of closing the account of a Taringa! User.
Taringa! reserves the right to exclude any User from the Benefits Program, for whatever reason it deems necessary, or for none at all. When a User has been excluded, any T! Coin accumulated by that User will be returned to Taringa! at the time of closing the account of said User.
Personal wallet
To access and participate in the Benefits Program, each User must have a personal wallet (“ Wallet ”) in Taringa !, for which purpose said User must make the corresponding registration subject to the terms and conditions established in these General Conditions and any other related documentation that is established by Taringa! about. They can only get their Wallet and accumulate T! Coins those Users who comply with the conditions and requirements established in these General Conditions and / or in any other complementary document issued by Taringa !.
Taringa! reserves the right to reject any application for registration of a User and / or to cancel a User's Wallet at any time, at its sole discretion, in the event that said Users cease to comply with the conditions set forth herein. General Conditions and in the other applicable documentation.
Each User will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the access data to their personal Wallet and for adopting all those measures that are useful to keep them secret. Each User will be responsible for the custody and use of their own Wallet, as well as the redemption of Benefits made from said Wallet. Consequently, Taringa! does not assume nor will it assume any responsibility towards Users regarding any claim related to access and / or use of the Wallet by Users or third parties to whom Users have granted access to their Wallet, nor with the use of the T! Coins or exchange of Benefits made from said Wallets.
In the event of any breach of security with respect to a Wallet, the owner User will be obliged to report said event to Taringa !, having to pay Taringa! all the cooperation that is necessary to allow you to investigate the situation and prevent the spread of said circumstance. Taringa! reserves the right to cancel or block Wallets in order to protect Users, Taringa! or to its associates in the event of identity theft or other fraudulent activity.
Access to a Wallet using another User's account, as well as obtaining, using or disseminating information from another User's Wallet, constitutes a serious infringement of the User that will entitle Taringa! to proceed to the immediate closure of the offending User's Wallet, without prejudice to any other right granted under these General Conditions and / or under current regulations.
Each User, when accepting these General Conditions, agrees not to transfer the use of their Wallet to third parties, unless they have the explicit consent of Taringa !.
Acquisition of T! Coins by Users
The T! Coins will be awarded by Taringa! to Users who meet the requirements set forth below, due to their regular interaction on the Site and / or the Services
Taringa! may make available to Users, on the Site and / or through the Services, a detail of the different interactions that the User may carry out with the Site and / or the Services to accumulate T! Coins, indicating in each case the number of T! Coins that the User will receive in the event of each of these interactions. The number of T! Coins that will correspond to each type of interaction will be determined by Taringa! at its sole discretion and may be modified from time to time when Taringa! so it deems it convenient.
Among the interactions that Users may make include (subject to additional limitations that will be established by Taringa! From time to time), the following:
Creation, fixation and display of posts and content.
Creation, posting and display of own comments, participation in third-party post through comments.
Interact in post through positive and negative votes in posts.
Participate in the dissemination of third-party posts.
The collaboration of the Users will be voluntary and free. Each User will decide which interactions to carry out and which ones not. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is expressly established that Taringa! will have no obligation to deliver T! Coins to a User, unless said User has made the interactions required by Taringa! to access said T! Coins.
In no case the relationship of Taringa! and the Users who participate in the Benefits Program will have a labor nature. In this sense, the Benefits Program constitutes only a benefit in favor of the Users for their active participation in the Site and / or the Services and no activity of the Users may be interpreted contrary to the foregoing.
Available Balance and Benefit Exchange
Users who obtain T! Coins may be exchanged for Benefits, as explained below.
Each User will be able to access the balance of T! Coins in your Wallet, which will contain a history of the T! Coins accumulated by said User and the previous exchanges made. The difference between both concepts will be the balance of T! Coins available for the User to exchange for new Benefits.
To redeem the T! Coins for the respective Benefits, Users must access the corresponding section within the Wallet, in order to request said exchange. Depending on the type of Benefit chosen, the exchange of the T! Coins will imply that the User assumes all the costs and expenses associated with the use of the Benefit by said User, the User having to pay them according to the modality that Taringa! or the third party provider of the Benefit, as applicable.
When the User redeems T! Coins, it will gain access to the Benefit that it has selected and may use it in the terms and modalities provided in these General Conditions and / or in those particular terms and conditions that are applicable to the chosen Benefit, which will be informed to the User on the Site or at the time to make the exchange in the Wallet. Users are informed that the use of third-party Benefits may be subject to the terms and conditions provided by said third parties, a situation that will be communicated to Users through the Site or at the time of exchange of the T! Coins in the Wallet. The User will be solely and exclusively responsible for complying with the terms and conditions provided by said third parties, releasing Taringa! of any responsibility in this regard.
The T! Coins used to exchange a Benefit will be debited from the Wallet of the User who has made the corresponding exchange. Taringa! does not offer refunds or credits so, once the T! Coins, the User will not have another right against Taringa! - and / or third parties associated with the Benefit Program, as the case may be - other than accessing and using the redeemed Benefit, subject to compliance with the provisions herein. In that sense, the User acknowledges and accepts that, by making the redeemed Benefits available to a User, Taringa! it will have fully satisfied its obligation to said User under the Benefits Program, regardless of the effective use of the same by the same.
Likewise, the exchange and enjoyment of certain Benefits may be subject to the terms and conditions of third parties in charge of delivering a specific product or service to Users who have opted for said Benefits. In this case, the User must submit to the legal conditions of said third parties in order to access and / or use the chosen Benefit.
Regarding the Benefits provided or administered by third parties, Taringa! is not responsible and cannot guarantee the faithful fulfillment of its obligations, or the maintenance of them in the Program of Benefits. Consequently, Taringa! does not assume any type of responsibility with respect to the Benefits provided by third parties, where the Users must direct the corresponding claims against said third parties. Also, Taringa! does not guarantee or respond for the availability of the Benefits of third parties, so it will not be responsible for any damage or loss that may result from the provision, or lack of provision, in whole or in part, of any Benefit by said third parties. Neither Taringa! will be responsible in case of abandonment of the Program of Benefits on the part of one of these third parties.
The Benefits must be used in accordance with this. Taringa! is not responsible for lost, stolen, stolen or unused Benefits. Taringa! reserves the right to subtract from the Wallet of each User the T! Coins that have been obtained dishonestly or in violation of any of the terms and conditions contained in these General Conditions and / or in any other related document that is issued by Taringa !.
Taringa! reserves the right to modify, add or cancel any Benefit without prior notice as well as to modify the exchange ratio of the T! Coins necessary to access each of them at your sole discretion.
All Benefits are subject to change and availability, being the sole responsibility of the User to validly request the exchange of said Benefits and comply with all other stages necessary for the enjoyment of them.
In no case may the Benefits be used in other entities or companies other than those indicated in said Benefit.
It will be the sole responsibility of the User to be adequately informed about all restrictions in the application and use of the Benefits on the date of use.
Expiration of the T! Coins
The T! Coins that Users accumulate will have the expiration period that Taringa! determine, which will be informed within the available balance in the Wallet of each User. The abandonment or cancellation of a Wallet leads to the disappearance of the T! Coins that the User who owns said Wallet has accumulated up to that moment.
Taxes
Each User will be responsible for national, provincial or municipal taxes and any other rate or tariff related to the exchange of Benefits that the User makes for their own consumption or that of third parties. In the event that the User does not pay the aforementioned taxes, Taringa! reserves the right to demand or claim such liens from you at any time.
Aspects related to Intellectual Property
Third party content
In using the Services offered on the Site, the User may have access to content provided by other Users or third parties. Taringa! makes its best efforts to control the material that is provided, however, each User accepts that they may eventually be exposed to third-party content that is false, offensive, indecent or otherwise unacceptable. Under no circumstances can you hold Taringa! for such a circumstance.
Material owned by Taringa!
All the existing material on the Site and / or the Services, which does not correspond to a User or another third party, constitutes the exclusive property of Taringa !. By way of example, images, photographs, designs, graphics, sounds, compilations of data, trademarks, names, titles, designations, distinctive signs, and all other material accessible through the Site and / or the Services shall be understood to be included.
The ownership of the set or selection of links incorporated by the Users to the Site, will correspond to Taringa! as intellectual property, as a work of classification and compilation. Said property is constituted not by the links or links considered individually, but by the selection of the set of links. In that order, the Users assign and irrevocably transfer to Taringa! all the rights that may correspond to the selection of links that each one of them individually has made.
Taringa! reserves all rights over the aforementioned material, does not assign or transfer in favor of the User any rights over its intellectual property or that of third parties. Consequently, its reproduction, distribution, and / or modification must be expressly authorized by Taringa !, under penalty of being considered an illegal activity violating the intellectual property rights of Taringa !.
Users of the site will only have authorization to use the material owned by Taringa !, when the purposes of such use are those specifically provided by Taringa !.
Site operability
Correspondingly with the free nature of the Services provided, Taringa! does not guarantee the full operation of the Site and access to the Services and contents thereof. In no case Taringa! will be responsible for the operation, efficiency and security of the Site and / or the Services and content made available to Users through them.
Taringa! does not guarantee the conservation, integrity or indemnity of the posts, messages or comments posted by Users on the Site and / or through the Services.
Links to Taringa!
The establishment of any link, hyperlink or link, between a web page outside the Site and any page of the latter can only be done with express authorization from Taringa !.
In no case Taringa! will be responsible for the content or existing statements on the web pages from which the hyperlinks to the Taringa! Site are established. The fact that there is a link between a web page and the Taringa! does not imply that Taringa! have knowledge of it, or that Taringa! maintain any relationship with the owners of the web page from which the link is established.
Taringa !, reserves the right to request the removal or elimination of any link from a web page outside the Site, at any time, without expression of cause, and without any prior notice being necessary. The person in charge of the web page from which the link is made will have a period of 48 hours. counted from the order of Taringa! to proceed with the removal or elimination of it.
Links from Taringa!
Links provided by Taringa!
The hyperlinks or links to third-party web pages provided by Taringa !, are intended to improve the User's browsing experience on the Site, providing access channels to other sites.
Links provided by Users
According to what is stated in point 6; Users may incorporate in their posts links that refer to different resources hosted outside the Site. The purpose of these links is to increase the communication possibilities of the Users, thus allowing the reference to any element found on the Internet.
Liability derived from the links
In none of the previously mentioned cases Taringa! controls, supports or guarantees the security, quality, legality, veracity and suitability of the services and content accessed through a hyperlink. The inclusion of the link does not mean that Taringa! is in any way related to the site to which the link directs, or that it supports, agrees, facilitates or collaborates in the activities that take place on that site.
The responsibility for the services or contents in the linked sites will correspond exclusively to the owners of said sites. Under no circumstances Taringa! will be responsible for the irregularities, illicits or infractions that are registered in said sites, not responding in this regard for the damages that Users or third parties may experience from the content published there.
The access and use of web pages linked from the Taringa! It will be the sole responsibility of the User, who must take all necessary precautionary measures according to the type of service or content accessed.
The User who considers a page linked from the Site inappropriate may raise his complaint or recommendation through the complaint mechanism made available to Users by Taringa !.
Termination of the Service
Taringa! may at its sole discretion temporarily suspend or permanently deactivate a User's account, without prior notification to the same, and without the need to invoke any cause, proceeding in such case to delete all information related to the account. . Also, Taringa! may adopt any other measure that is necessary or convenient for the purpose of preventing access to the Site and / or the Services by a User, in the event that said User has breached these General Conditions, or when said User constitutes a risk for the Site, the Services, other Users and / or Taringa !.
Notifications and communications
For the purposes that Users can contact Taringa !, the communications addressed to: denuncias@taringa.net will be considered valid .
The notifications and communications sent by Taringa! The email address that appears as the User's or sender's email address will be considered effective and fully valid. Likewise, communications that consist of notices and messages inserted on the site, or that are sent during the provision of a service, whose purpose is to inform Users about a certain circumstance, will be considered effective.
Applicable law and jurisdiction
For all legal purposes in relation to the Services and content provided or that may be provided on the Site, the current legislation in the Republic of Uruguay will be applicable, and the ordinary courts with jurisdiction in the City of Montevideo will be competent.
© Taringa! 2020. All rights reserved. Total or partial reproduction is prohibited.

