( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://www.taringa.net/privacy )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used:
https://www.taringa.net/terms-and-conditions
https://www.taringa.net/api-doc
https://www.taringa.net/cookies-policy
https://www.taringa.net/cookies-policy
https://www.taringa.net/cookies-policy
mailto:denuncias@taringa.net
)

PRIVACY POLICIES
Date of last update: July 15, 2020
We welcome you to Taringa! (" Taringa! "). Taringa! is a social platform where millions of users daily share all kinds of content through their publications. Said content is published within thematic channels and within them it is commented and valued by the community, giving greater visibility to what users consider relevant.
These privacy policies (the " Privacy Policies ") describe how we collect, use, share and protect the information collected within the framework of the services that currently exist or that may be included in the future within the website www.taringa.net and its application (the " Services ", the " Site " and the " Application ", respectively), as well as the options and rights you have regarding the collection and use of the information by Taringa !.
By using our Site and / or App, you understand and agree that we provide you with a platform to post personal data, content, including photos, comments, and other materials (" User Content "). This means that other Users can search, view, use or share any User Content that you make public through the Site and / or Application, in accordance with the terms and conditions of these Privacy Policies and our terms and conditions (which you can find in https://www.taringa.net/terms-and-conditions )
These Privacy Policies apply to all visitors, users and other people who access the Service (" Users ").
Acceptance by Users
When a User accesses the Site and / or Application and / or uses the Service and / or accesses any of the existing content on the Site and / or the Application, said circumstance will imply knowledge and full acceptance with respect to each and every one. of the provisions contained in these Privacy Policies by said User.
Taringa! may require information from Users to provide all or part of the Service. For example, each User must have an account to upload or share content on Taringa !. When a User chooses to share such information with us, we collect and use it to administer our Service, in accordance with the provisions of these Privacy Policies.
The User who does not accept, is in disagreement, or incurs in breach of the provisions set by Taringa! In these Privacy Policies, you will not have authorization to access the Site and / or Application, continue to use the Service or the contents that exist or may exist on the Site and / or the Application, and must refrain from accessing and / or use the Site and / or the Application and / or the Service.
What kind of information do we collect?
The type of information that Taringa! it depends on the way in which the User uses the Site and / or the Application and / or the Service. Taringa! collects the content, communications and other data that Users provide when they use the Site and / or the Application and / or the Service, for example, when they register when creating an account, create or share content and send messages to other people. This information may correspond to data included in the content that is provided or related to it, such as the place where a photo was taken or the date a file was created. It can also include the content that each User sees through the functions that are available on the Site and / or in the Application, so that we can perform actions such as suggesting publications and posts based on the interest of each User.
Registration data
We receive information when a User views content or interacts in any way with the Site and / or the Application, which we call " Registration Data”, Even if you have not created an account. For example, when a User visits our Site and / or the Application, subscribes to our Service, interacts with our email notifications, uses their account to authenticate in a third-party service or visits a third-party service that includes content from Taringa !, we can receive information about said User. This Registration Data includes information, such as, your IP address, browser type, operating system, source web page, visited web pages, location, mobile phone service provider, device information (including device and network IDs). the application), search terms (including those that are not sent as queries), and cookie information. We also receive Registration Data when a User clicks on a link on the Site and / or the Application, sees it or interacts with it, which includes when installing another application through Taringa !. We use Registration Data to administer our Service and to ensure that it functions safely, reliably and with integrity. For example, we use Registration Data to protect account security and determine what content is popular on the Site and / or the App. We also use this data to improve the content we show you, including advertisements, as well as to improve the effectiveness of our own marketing. We use Registration Data to administer our Service and to ensure that it functions safely, reliably and with integrity. For example, we use Registration Data to protect account security and determine what content is popular on the Site and / or the App. We also use this data to improve the content we show you, including advertisements, as well as to improve the effectiveness of our own marketing. We use Registration Data to administer our Service and to ensure that it functions safely, reliably and with integrity. For example, we use Registration Data to protect account security and determine what content is popular on the Site and / or the App. We also use this data to improve the content we show you, including advertisements, as well as to improve the effectiveness of our own marketing.
We use information that you provide us and data that we receive from each User, including Registration Data and data obtained from third parties, to deduce what topics may interest you, your age and what languages ​​you speak. This helps us better design and promote our Service and personalize the content we show you, including advertisements.
Public information
Most of the activity in Taringa! is public, which includes information on the profile, time zone and language, the date of creation of the User account and the publications made by said User, as well as certain information on their publications, such as the date and time of the same . Likewise, if a User wishes to respond to or publicly interact with an advertisement on the Site and / or the Application and / or as a consequence of the use of our Service, that advertiser may obtain information about said User associated with the advertisement with which he / she interacted, such as the characteristics of the audience for which the ad was intended. Also, positive and negative votes, shared posts, comments to publications and incorporation of publications to bookmarks constitute public information that can be used by Taringa! for the provision of the Service and, consequently, it may be accessed by other Users of the Site. Finally, other Users who use our Service may also publish information about a specific User (subject to compliance with the Terms and Conditions of the Service) and such information will also be public.
Each User is responsible for their publications and other information that they provide through our Service, and must carefully think about what they make public, especially if it is sensitive information. If a User updates their public information on Taringa !, for example, by deleting a publication or deactivating their account, said updated content may be reflected on the Site and / or in the Application and / or be accessed by other Users of the Service.
By publishing content on the Site and / or the Application, each User is authorizing Taringa! to disclose that information as widely as possible, including making it available to third parties through our application programming interface or Brainiac API documentation (“ API”), And authorizing third parties that access the information through our APIs to do the same. To facilitate the rapid global dissemination of publications to people around the world, through APIs and integrations we allow this information to be used by third-party websites, applications and services (for example, to display publications on a news website or analyze what people say in Taringa!). Access and use, by third parties, of the information available on the Site and / or on the Application and / or through the Service is subject to compliance with the policies established by Taringa! including these Privacy Policies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these third parties are not associated with Taringa! and its contents may not reflect the updates you make on Taringa !. For more information on how we make Taringa! Information available to third parties, visithttps://www.taringa.net/api-doc/ .
Use of chat and non-public communications
Through the Site and / or the Application, Taringa! provides certain features that allow Users to communicate in a more private way or control who sees their content. For example, a User can use the private chat of Taringa! (the "Chat") to hold conversations on the platform that are not public. When a User communicates with others by sending or receiving direct Chats, we will store and process their communications and the information related to them in order to adequately provide said service and protect Users. This includes scanning links for malicious content, shortening URLs, detecting spam, abuse, and banned images, and use of reported subjects. We also use information about who each User has communicated with and when (but not the content of these communications) to better understand the use of our Service, protect its security and integrity, and display more relevant content for each User. We also share the content of your Direct Chats with the people to whom you have sent them. In no case do we use this information to show you advertisements.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a User uses any content or information received through a Chat to interact in a way that would normally be public, for example, liking a publication, said interactions will be public and will not be covered by the provisions of this section. Likewise, each User will keep their own copy of their communications on Taringa! made through Chat (even if a User deletes their copy of said messages from their account, the User with whom they have communicated will keep a copy of said communication until they decide to delete it), which they can duplicate, store or share with third parties.
Rating of posts and comments
This functionality consists of the possibility that Users have, subject to certain terms and conditions, to carry out a weighting or rating on the posts posted by another User.
The qualification that each post receives will be displayed on it, in this way the User who made the post will be able to know the general opinion of the other users expressed through the qualification of which their posts were deserving. By rating a post, each User expressly authorizes Taringa! to use such information to display the rating given on the Site and / or the Application.
Another of the services provided by Taringa !, reserved only for registered Users, is the possibility of incorporating comments in the form of messages on a post from another User, in such a way that it allows an exchange of opinions or contributions on the post that comes to comment. . By making a comment on a post, the User expressly authorizes Taringa! to use the information contained in said comment in order to display it on the Site and / or the Application.
Location information
Taringa! may require information about the access and current location of the Users, which is obtained from signals such as the IP address or device parameters, to configure and maintain the account of each User in a safe and reliable way and provide our Service.
Depending on your configuration, Taringa! may collect, use and store additional information about the location of the Users (such as the specific current location or the places where Taringa! has previously used) to administer or personalize our Service; for example by including more relevant content such as trends, events, announcements and local suggestions for Users to follow.
Taringa data for the network
When a User views our content on third-party websites with content from Taringa! incorporated, such as integrated timelines, we may receive Registration Data that includes the web page you visited. We use this information to better understand how our Service is used, protect the security and integrity of our Site and App, and display more relevant content, including advertisements. We do not associate this web browsing history with the name, email address, telephone number or username of a User.
Third party content
In use of the Site and / or the Application and / or the Service offered by Taringa !, the User may have access to content provided by other Users or third parties. Taringa! makes its best efforts to control the material that is provided to each User, however, the User accepts that they may eventually be exposed to third-party content that is false, offensive, indecent or otherwise unacceptable. Under no circumstances Taringa! will be responsible for any third party content nor will it be liable for any infringement, damage or harm caused by said content.
Links (edit)
To administer our Service, we monitor how each User interacts with the links available on the Site and / or the Services Application. This includes links in emails sent to Users and links in posts that appear on other websites or mobile applications.
If a User clicks on an external link or advertisement available on the Site and / or the Application and / or through our Service, the advertiser or administrator of the corresponding website may know that said User accessed from Taringa !, along with other associated information with the ad you clicked as the characteristics of the audience you were trying to reach. They may also collect other personal data about the User, such as cookies or their IP address.
cookies
When accessing the Site and / or the Application and / or using the Service, each User consents to the use of cookies or similar technologies on the Site and / or the Application and / or the Service.
A cookie is a small set of data that is stored on your computer or mobile device. Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional Site usage data and to administer our Service. Cookies are not required for many features of our Service such as searching and viewing public profiles. Although most browsers automatically accept cookies, the configuration of these browsers can be set to stop accepting cookies or to notify the User when a website is trying to place a cookie on their computer. However, some part of our Service may not function properly if you disable cookies. When the browser or device allows it, We use both session cookies and permanent cookies to better understand how each User interacts with the Site and our Service, obtain aggregate usage patterns, and personalize and manage our Service in other ways, such as providing account security, personalizing the content that we show them. , including advertisements, and remembering your language preferences. Our Service does not support the browser's Do Not Track (DNT) option. For more information about how we use cookies and similar technologies, you can visit the section " including advertisements, and remembering your language preferences. Our Service does not support the browser's Do Not Track (DNT) option. For more information about how we use cookies and similar technologies, you can visit the section " including advertisements, and remembering your language preferences. Our Service does not support the browser's Do Not Track (DNT) option. For more information about how we use cookies and similar technologies, you can visit the section "Cookies Policy ”.
Advertisers and other advertising partners
The revenue we earn from advertising enables us to maintain and improve our Service. We use the information described in these Privacy Policies to help make our advertising more relevant to Users, to measure its effectiveness and to help us recognize your devices to provide you with ads on and off Taringa !. We share certain information with our advertising partners and affiliates, such as browser cookie IDs, mobile device IDs, hashed email addresses, user interest or demographics, as well as content viewed or actions taken on a web page. or application. Some of our advertising partners, specifically our advertisers, they also allow us to collect similar information directly from your website or application by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by advertising partners and affiliates or collected by Taringa! of the websites and applications of advertising partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information that a User shares with Taringa! and that Taringa! receives about Users, described in another part of our Privacy Policies.
Developers
If a person or entity accesses our APIs or Taringa! Brainiac API documentation, we process your personal data to facilitate the provision of our Service. You can update your data by contacting us directly as described in these Privacy Policies.
Other third parties and affiliates
We may receive information about Users from third parties other than our advertising partners, such as other Taringa! Users, partners who assist us in evaluating the security and quality of the content of the Site and our Service, our affiliates and other services that a User link to your Taringa! Account.
Any User can decide to connect his Taringa account! to accounts in another service and that service may send us information about the User's account in that service. We use the information we receive to provide you with features such as “ cross-posting ” or “ cross-service ” authentication and to administer our Service.
Personalization based on your inferred identity
When a User logs in to Taringa! On a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with that User's account for purposes such as authentication, security, and personalization. Depending on its configuration, we can also associate said account with browsers or devices other than those that the User uses to access Taringa! (or associate said devices or browsers with other browsers or devices). When a User provides other information to Taringa !, including an email address, we associate that information with their Taringa! Account. Subject to your configuration, we may also use this information to infer other information about the identity of said User, for example, associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address that the User has provided to Taringa !. We do this to administer and personalize our Service. For example, if a User on his laptop visits websites with sports content, we can show him sports-related advertisements on Taringa! for Android, and if the email address associated with your account shares components with another email address, such as shared first name, last name, or initials, we may then send you advertisements from advertisers trying to reach the email addresses containing those components. We do this to administer and personalize our Service. For example, if a User on his laptop visits websites with sports content, we can show him sports-related advertisements on Taringa! for Android, and if the email address associated with your account shares components with another email address, such as shared first name, last name, or initials, we may then send you advertisements from advertisers trying to reach the email addresses containing those components. We do this to administer and personalize our Service. For example, if a User on his laptop visits websites with sports content, we can show him sports-related advertisements on Taringa! for Android, and if the email address associated with your account shares components with another email address, such as shared first name, last name, or initials, we may then send you advertisements from advertisers trying to reach the email addresses containing those components.
Use of Information and Privacy
Taringa! will use the information provided by the User exclusively for the purpose set forth in these Privacy Policies, and at all times will ensure the reasonable protection of privacy and confidentiality of the User's communications. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pay attention that Taringa! makes use of technological systems that under certain conditions may be fallible, Users are informed that Taringa! does not guarantee the inviolability of its systems, which is why Users must take this circumstance into consideration when deciding to register and publish content on the Site.
Likewise, Users are informed that the services of Taringa! They were designed, among other purposes, to allow Users to access certain (non-sensitive) data of other Users, allowing interaction between them within a social network scheme. Consequently, by submitting any personal information other than his name, the User waives any expectation of privacy that he has with respect to the use of that personal information provided within the Site. Users who do not want their photograph or image, website, city of residence, nationality, or personal description entered on the Site to be provided to the public should not register on Taringa !.
Limitation of Liability. User Rights
Taringa! only processes your data when there is a legitimate interest to do so, subject to compliance with the provisions of these Privacy Policies.
The information of Taringa! constitutes an auxiliary tool of the economic activity of our clients and commercial partners, especially those dedicated to digital advertising. In no case will we be responsible for any loss or direct, indirect, punitive, or any kind of damage arising from the information processed by Taringa !, including loss of profit or moral damage, whether or not it is contemplated by the parties.
In all cases Taringa! It will allow and provide the data owner free of charge, prior to proving their identity, to exercise their right of access, rectification and cancellation of the information in accordance with the provisions of the applicable regulations and these Privacy Policies.
International data transfer
Other companies in our group and some of our clients or business partners may be located outside the country in which the data is collected. In such cases, when we carry out international data transfer, we establish policies and / or agreements aimed at guaranteeing that the data is processed under adequate levels of protection regarding the treatment of the transferred data.
Data storage
Taringa! retains user audience data for as long as necessary to fulfill business agreements with its customers and business partners. Likewise, we may keep the information once the purpose for which it has been collected has been completed, in order to comply with any regulations, regulation or order issued by a public authority or competent body.
Additional Information
For the purposes of complementing the foregoing, we will mention below certain aspects to take into account about the types of data we collect, where we obtain them and how we process and share them in accordance with the regulations applicable to the European Union, Economic Area European and California.
European Union and European Economic Area
The following list details the general purposes for which we process personal data:
Provision of services, among others:
Account creation and controls
Content creation such as posts, upvotes and downvotes, comments, post sharing, and direct chats.
View content, recommendations, and rankings, such as your timeline, trends, conversations, or search
Developer products, such as our APIs and the sites that make up our content
Notifications related to Services and customer support
Statistics
Advertisers Products
Possibility for other users to find your account using your email address or phone number.
Security and prevention features, including authentication, antispam, fraud protection, and quality and abuse prevention.
Inferences about your account (such as interests, age and gender) that we use to provide certain characteristics, including but not limited to: account suggestions, advertisements, recommendations, etc.
Advertising from the data you provide or that we collect in Taringa! or on other third-party websites or applications that are provided by our business partners.
Personalization based on your inferred identity.
Personalization of our services based on the places you have visited.
Provision of your data to certain member companies of Taringa! and our service providers.
Share data with external web clients or applications that you have authorized.
Compliance with legal requirements.
Notifications from your activity on Taringa !, related content, Chats and other characteristics of Taringa! and / or third parties
The legal bases on which we rely to carry out the processing of personal data of our Users are the following:
Contractual necessity, as we use such information to provide and improve our Service and the experience of our Users;
Legitimate interest, as we use the data collected to generate advertising revenue that allows us to support and improve the Site and our Service.
Consent of Users as a legal basis for processing User data in order to provide advertisements.
The use of cookies by Taringa! It is based on the consent of the Users, as established in these Privacy Policies, according to the provisions of Directive 95/46 / CE. For more information, Users should consult our Cookies Policy .
To safeguard the rights of those who use our Service, Taringa! offers Users a variety of controls over the ads they see on Taringa !. Users can block or silence advertisers whose ads they don't want to see, report bad or offensive ads, and flag ads they don't like.
Likewise, each email notification not related to the Service contains a link to unsubscribe, which allows the User to deactivate any or all of the notifications. Similarly, any User can update their preferences at any time while connected to the Site and / or the Service.
Finally, Users have all the rights recognized by European regulations on the protection of personal data, among which are included - by way of example only - the following: right of access, rectification, oblivion, limiting processing data, etc.
California
Scope of the additional section
This additional section for California supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policies in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (" California Consumer Privacy Act " or " CCPA " for its acronym in English).
Collection and use of Personal Information
When we use the term "personal information" in this section, we mean information that identifies and describes a specific consumer or household, or can be reasonably associated with, or could be related, directly or indirectly, to them.
The following list contains a detail of the type of consumer information that Taringa! has collected in the last 12 months:
Identifiers, such as the account name, device identification, email address, telephone number, age and gender of the User, IP address, etc.
Information about the Internet / networks, such as the website or the search history of the Site or advertising.
Geolocation data, IP address, shared location of the device and location of the WI-FI connection.
Commercial information, such as the products or services purchased, obtained or taken into account, or other historical or purchasing or consumption trends.
Deductions such as derivation of information, data, assumptions or conclusions from some of the categories of personal information.
The aforementioned information is collected directly from Users, through their computers and / or devices, and / or through third-party data service providers or similar.
The information collected is used by Taringa! and / or by its clients or business partners with the following purposes established in these Privacy Policies.
Disclosure of Personal Information
The categories of information mentioned above have been disclosed by Taringa! to its customers or business partners, in accordance with the provisions of these Privacy Policies.
Also, Taringa! allows some third-party advertising partners to collect information about Users through the Site and / or the Application and / or the Service in order to facilitate more relevant advertising, to calibrate and analyze advertising campaigns and to detect and report on advertising scams .
Who we disclose Personal Information to
As described in these Privacy Policies, we share personal information within Taringa! and with a number of recipients for commercial purposes.
In addition to the categories of recipients identified in the different sections of these Privacy Policies, we disclose personal information, or allow access to such information, to the categories of recipients that are detailed below:
Cloud storage providers.
Protection and security service providers and service providers.
Advertising and marketing partners.
Online advertising
We allow some third-party customers or advertising partners to collect the categories of personal information identified above for online advertising purposes. These advertising networks, social media companies and other third-party businesses in the advertising ecosystem collect personal information directly through cookies or similar tracking technologies when a User visits our Site, accesses or interacts with the Service in any way, uses our applications or otherwise interact with us online. These third parties use your personal information to:
Provide relevant advertising on our Site, on other websites or mobile applications, or on other devices that the User may use.
Customize the content.
Provide other advertising-related services, such as reporting, distribution, analysis, and market research.
Such third parties may use this personal information for their own business purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies, which may include disclosure of such information to additional third parties and even other advertising networks.
See our Cookies Policy for more information about how third parties use cookies and the technologies related to them to automatically collect information on our websites and other online services, as well as the options that each User has. in relation to such practices.
Your California Privacy Rights
As a California resident, you may exercise the rights listed below in relation to the personal information we have collected about you (subject to certain legal limitations).
Right of access, for the purposes of requesting and accessing certain personal information that we have collected about you or that has been disclosed in the last 12 months, after verification of your identity.
Right of erasure, for the purposes of requesting the erasure of personal information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Opt Out of Sales of Personal Information.
Right to non-discrimination.
Right to know how your information is disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes under California law "Shine the light" (Civil Code, section 1798.83).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, please note that if the exercise of the rights described above limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a request for deletion), we may not be able to provide our Service to you or engage with you in the same way.
How to Exercise Your Privacy Rights in California
To exercise their right of access and deletion, any User must send a request to the email box indicated as contact at the end of these Privacy Policies.
The exercise of any of the aforementioned rights is subject to prior verification of identity before processing said request. To verify your identity, Taringa! may require the User to log into their account or to verify sufficient information provided by the User and / or through that which we store about said User in our systems. In certain circumstances, we may reject a request to exercise the right of access and deletion, specifically if it is impossible for us to verify the identity of a User.
Exclusion of "sales" of personal information
Unless a User has exercised their right to exclude the "sales" of personal information, we may "sell" personal information of said User to third parties, in accordance with the definition of the term under California law. Third parties to whom we sell personal information may use it for their own business purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies, which may include "reselling" such information to additional third parties.
To exercise their right of exclusion, any User must send a request to the email box indicated as contact at the end of these Privacy Policies.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your right of exclusion. However, in this case, we may ask the User to provide us with additional personal information so that we can correctly identify them in our database and monitor the fulfillment of their exclusion request. We will only use the personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and fulfill that request. If a User chooses not to provide us with this information, we can only process their request to the point where we can identify them in our data systems and authenticate them as authorized to receive the information.
Any request can be canceled by the same channel in which it was requested.
Minors
Minors under 18 years of age cannot access the Site and / or Application and / or Service. Consequently, Taringa! does not sell information about minors.
Upgrades
These Privacy Policies may be updated by Taringa! from time to time and at the sole discretion of the latter. When we make changes to these Privacy Policies, we will modify the date of the last update at the beginning of these. If we make material changes to these Privacy Policies, we will notify you by email to your registered email address, through a prominent posting on our online services, or through other relevant communication channels. All changes will be effective from the date of their publication, unless otherwise provided in the notice.
Applicable law and jurisdiction
For all legal purposes in relation to the services and content provided or that may be provided on the Site, the current legislation in the Republic of Uruguay will be applicable, and the ordinary justice with jurisdiction in the City of Montevideo will be competent.
Contact
For any query, comment, complaint or exercise of any of the rights granted under these Privacy Policies and / or under current regulations, Users may contact: denuncias@taringa.net .

