( Date Accessed: 6/02/2021, From: https://naacp.org/privacy-policy )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used: 1
mailto:webmaster@naacpnet.org
)

PRIVACY POLICY
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ("NAACP" or "us" or "we") values the protection of individual privacy. This document sets forth NAACP's online privacy policy ("privacy policy") for the website www.naacp.org ("site").

By using the site, you the user ("you") indicate that you have read and agree to be bound by this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, do not use the site in any manner. This privacy policy does not govern privacy practices associated with offline activities.

Thank you for visiting the site. We are committed to the privacy of our visitors. We collect no personal information about you when you visit the site unless you choose to provide that information to us and we do not use personal information other than to process the request that required you to submit personal information. We do not make any visitor-provided information available to third parties.

Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website.

INFORMATION COLLECTED AND STORED AUTOMATICALLY
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the site, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store information concerning your visit:

The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain);
Your IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access the site;
The type of browser and operating system used to access the site;
The date and time you access the site;
The pages you visit within the site; and
If you linked to our Web site from another Web site, the address of that website.
INFORMATION THAT YOU VOLUNTARILY PROVIDE
On certain pages of the NAACP website, we may ask you to voluntarily provide personal data such as your name, mailing address, email address, credit card information, telephone number, and similar information. That information is collected when you:

Donate to the NAACP.
Purchase an NAACP membership.
Sign to receive NAACP alerts.
Sign NAACP petitions.
If you provide us with personally identifiable information, for example, by sending an e-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it through the site, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the information and services that you request. All uses of that information are described on the web page containing the form.

Submitting voluntary information constitutes your consent to the use of the information for the stated purpose. When you click the "Submit" button on any of the web forms found on the site, you are indicating your voluntary consent for us to use the information you submit for the purpose stated.

If you no longer wish to receive emails from the NAACP, you can click the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of the NAACP email.

LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The site contains links to various other private organizations. Once you link to another website, you are then subject to the privacy policies of the new website. We cannot control nor are we responsible for any such third-party collection or use of your personal information. It is always a good idea to read the Privacy Policy of any website you visit.

CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
The site is a general audience site that is neither designed nor intended to collect personal information from children who are under the age of 13. In order to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, children under the age of 13 should not provide any personal information to the site.

SECURITY AND PERSONAL DATA
We use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any information you give to us is stored and maintained in secure servers and not publicly accessible. The NAACP protects personal data by only allowing limited, authorized personnel to have access to such personal data. The NAACP maintains an encrypted firewall to protect such personal data. The NAACP's software provider has level one payment card industry compliance to ensure that online credit transactions are secure. The NAACP has technical safeguards such as "firewalls, virus and intrusion detection, and authentication protocols." However, despite our best security efforts, no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.

COOKIES
We may use cookies from time to time to allow us to automate access and the data entry functions of the site such as to tailor the site to your preferences or interests, customize promotions or marketing, or identify which areas of the site are more popular. A cookie is a small, unique text file that a website can send to your computer hard drive when you visit that site. We do not make any cookie information available to third parties. Most web browsers can either alert you to the use of cookies or refuse to accept cookies entirely. If you do not want us to deploy cookies in your browser, you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer. Rejecting cookies may affect your ability to use some of the products and/or services at the site.

PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time at its sole discretion and without notice to you. All Privacy Policy changes are effective immediately. Your continued use of the site following any Privacy Policy changes will mean you accept those changes.

CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have difficulty obtaining information from the site, please contact us to get the material in another format. You should provide the URL of the site referencing that information. If you have any comments, or suggestions for improvement, please contact webmaster@naacpnet.org.