( Date Accessed: 6/02/2021, From: https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179876898/terms-of-use )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used: 13
https://www.npr.org/179881519
https://www.npr.org/179878450
https://www.npr.org/609131973
https://www.npr.org/179881519
https://www.npr.org/179881519
https://dev.npr.org/
http://www.npr.org/179881519
https://www.npr.org/609131973
http://www.npr.org/179881519
mailto:ogcstaff@npr.org
https://help.npr.org/contact/s/contact?request=NPR-Management
https://www.ap.org/terms-and-conditions/
https://help.npr.org/contact/s/contact?request=NPR-Management
)

Terms of Use
Updated January 1, 2020

See related: NPR Permissions and NPR Privacy Policy

Introduction; Consent to Terms
Please read these Terms of Use before using NPR.org, NPR's mobile sites and applications, any other NPR sites, applications, platforms or services, or any features of these sites, applications, platforms, and services, including, but not limited to, content feeds, content accessed through NPR's application programming interfaces ("APIs"), including any accompanying headlines, links or metadata ("API Content"), podcasts, media players, tools, widgets, social networking features, forums and discussions, and the NPR Shop (collectively, the "NPR Services"). By using any of the NPR Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and NPR's Privacy Policy.

NOTICE TO EU RESIDENTS: Our handling of information about EU residents is governed by the NPR Privacy Notice for EU Residents. NPR's Privacy Policy does not apply to EU residents and any references to "NPR's Privacy Policy," the "NPR Privacy Policy," or "the Privacy Policy" in these Terms of Use should be read by EU residents as if those terms were replaced by "the NPR Privacy Notice for EU Residents."

If you do not agree to these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy, please exit the NPR Services and do not use the NPR Services or any of their features. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify, add or delete portions of these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy at any time by posting updated Terms of Use or an updated Privacy Policy on the NPR Services. Please check these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy frequently for updates. Any modifications, additions or deletions to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy shall be effective immediately upon posting. Your continued use of any of the NPR Services following the posting of updated Terms of Use or an updated Privacy Policy means that you agree to those changes.

Please note that these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy are separate and distinct from the terms of use and privacy policies governing the sites, applications, platforms and services of NPR's member stations, and other sites, applications, platforms and services that may link to or from the NPR Services.

Copyrights
The contents of the NPR Services are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The contents of the NPR Services are owned by or licensed to NPR or NPR's member stations and other producers or providers of programs or other content to NPR ("Content Providers"). In the case of User Materials (as defined in the "User Materials" section of these Terms of Use), the contents are licensed to NPR by the user. You may not, and may not cause or encourage others to, reproduce, distribute, republish, upload, transmit, display, prepare derivative works of, scrape for the purposes of replicating or republishing (by you or by third parties), publicly perform, sell, transfer, assign, license or use for commercial purposes any copyrighted material on the NPR Services without the prior written consent of NPR, except as provided in these Terms of Use. All rights not expressly granted in these Terms of Use are reserved to NPR.

You may copy, download one copy on a single computer, and print a limited amount of content, for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided that (a) you include without modification all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the content, (b) you do not modify the content, (c) you do not use the content in a manner that suggests NPR promotes or endorses your, or any third party's, causes, ideas, products, sites, applications, platforms or services, and (d) you do not use the content in any way that is unlawful or harmful to any other person or entity. In addition, you may use widgets and tools on the NPR Services that allow selected User Materials to appear on your personal, noncommercial site, blog, application, platform or service, subject to the conditions in the preceding sentence.

You may use the content feeds, APIs, podcasts, media players, and other features of the NPR Services, and content accessed therefrom, only as expressly permitted in these Terms of Use. To request permission for any other use of NPR content or the NPR Services, visit our permissions page.

Trademarks
National Public Radio®, NPR®, NPR One®, NPR program and application names, and NPR logos, member station names, program names and logos, and Content Provider names, program names and logos, are trademarks or service marks ("marks") of National Public Radio, Inc., its member stations or the Content Providers. All rights in these marks are reserved by their respective owners. You may not use any NPR-provided marks or other logos or graphics, without NPR's prior written consent, except that you have a license, and have an obligation, to use any NPR, NPR member station or other Content Provider mark or logo included in, or required to be used in connection with, API Content, content feeds, podcasts, NPR's Media Player, or other functionalities of the NPR Services, subject to the requirements set forth in these Terms of Use for the use of the API Content, content feeds, podcasts, media players, or other functionalities of the NPR Services.

User Materials
Users of the NPR Services may post, upload, transmit and otherwise submit ("Submit") comments, messages, recommendations, photos, images, story ideas, essays and other content and materials ("User Materials") on or through the social networking features, forums, discussions, Contact Us page, and other features of the NPR Services. You acknowledge that User Materials may be routed through our servers, the servers of one or more third parties, and the Internet, and may be viewed by NPR staff and on the NPR Services by the general public. You acknowledge that the NPR Services, including the social networking features, forums, discussions, Contact Us page and other features of the NPR Services, are for public and not private communications.

We reserve the right to screen, refuse to post, remove or edit User Materials at any time and for any or no reason in our absolute and sole discretion without prior notice, although we have no duty to do so. If we elect to screen User Materials, there may be a delay in the posting of such content to allow for review. If we have questions about your User Materials, we have the right, but not the duty, to contact you for further information, including, for example, to verify that you own the copyright or otherwise have the rights to post the User Materials.

You retain the copyright and other ownership rights in any User Materials that you submit on or through the NPR Services. However, by submitting User Materials on or through the NPR Services, you grant NPR, NPR member stations, other Content Providers and their respective licensees a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide, transferable license to use, copy, sublicense, modify, transmit, publicly perform, display, create derivative works of, host, index, cache, tag, encode, and/or adapt your User Materials in any and all media formats, channels or platforms, whether now known or hereafter devised, including, the NPR Services, NPR member station sites, applications, platforms and services, third-party licensee sites, applications, platforms and services, over the air (on radio or television), and other applications and services, without payment and without further notice to you or request for consent. You further grant NPR, its member stations, and their licensees the right to contact you in connection with your User Materials and to use your name, city and state and other information that you have provided in connection with the User Materials in accordance with the Privacy Policy.

In addition, when you Submit any User Materials, you grant each user of the NPR Services, NPR member stations' sites, applications, platforms and services, and other Content Providers' sites, applications, platforms and services, a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license to access your User Materials on or through the NPR Services and NPR member stations' sites, applications, platforms and services and other Content Providers' sites, applications, platforms and services, to use your User Materials pursuant to these Terms of Use and the terms of use of the member stations and other Content Providers, and as permitted by the functionality of the NPR Services, the member station sites, applications, platforms and services, and the other Content Providers' sites, applications, platforms and services (such as through widgets, tools and API Content distribution).

For any User Materials you Submit on or through the NPR Services, you agree to abide by the "Rules of Use for the Service" set forth below and these Terms of Use. You further agree to the representations and warranties, and indemnification obligations, set forth in the "Representations; Indemnity" section below.

Framing
NPR does not allow framing of the NPR Services.

Links to the NPR Services
NPR is an organization committed to the highest journalistic ethics and standards and to independent, noncommercial journalism, both in fact and in appearance. Therefore, although NPR encourages and permits links to content on the NPR Services, the linking should not suggest that NPR promotes or endorses any third party's causes, ideas, sites, products or services, or use NPR content for inappropriate commercial purposes or in any way that is unlawful or harmful to any other person or entity. We reserve the right to withdraw permission for any link.

Links to Third-Party Sites, Applications, Platforms and Services
The NPR Services contain links to sites, applications, platforms and services maintained by third parties over which NPR has no control. NPR does not endorse the content, products or services of such sites, applications, platforms and services, or any of their operators, and NPR is not responsible or liable for the content, availability, accuracy, quality, advertising, products, services or other materials on or available from such sites, applications, platforms and services. NPR shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, products or services available on or through such sites, applications, platforms and services.

In some cases, the NPR Services may include certain embedded tools provided and controlled by third parties and governed by the terms and policies of the third parties. You should only use these third-party tools if you agree to their respective terms and policies.

The NPR Services include a tool that allows you to sign in using information from your account with a third party service, such as Facebook or Google. Please be aware that third-party services are unrelated to NPR, and that your use of any third-party services is subject to the terms and policies of those services.

Content Feeds
NPR may provide content feeds on or through the NPR Services, which may consist of a selection of headlines, summaries or text blurbs, or links to full stories (collectively, the "Content Feeds"). The Content Feeds are available for personal, noncommercial use or for noncommercial use on the site, blog or similar application of a nonprofit organization that is exempt from federal income taxes under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code and is not a news, broadcast or multimedia organization ("501(c)(3) Nonprofit Corporation"). You may display, excerpt from, and link to the Content Feeds on your personal site, blog, or similar application for personal, noncommercial purposes or on your 501(c)(3) Nonprofit Corporation web site, blog, or similar application for noncommercial purposes, provided that (a) the links redirect the user to the NPR Services when the user clicks on them, (b) you do not insert any intermediate page, splash page or other content between the links and the applicable NPR Services page, (c) the use or display does not suggest that NPR promotes or endorses any third-party causes, ideas, sites, products or services, (d) the fundamental meaning of the content contained in the Content Feeds, including the headlines and summaries, is not changed or distorted, and (e) you do not modify the stories or other content that are linked to by the Content Feeds. If you display an entire Content Feed on your personal or 501(c)(3) Nonprofit Corporation site, blog or similar application, you may not redistribute the Content Feed and you must provide attribution to NPR or the relevant Content Provider adjacent to the Content Feed, by including "NPR News Headlines" or "NPR" or the name of the relevant Content Provider in text adjacent to the Content Feed. Any other use of NPR's trademarks or service marks, the names or marks of any Content Provider, or the Content Feeds requires the prior written permission of NPR. For permission requests, please visit our permissions page. For use of the stories or other content that are linked to by the Content Feeds, please see the "Copyrights" section of these Terms of Use.

NPR may withdraw Content Feeds at any time. Upon the request of NPR, you shall promptly cease all use of, and remove from your site, blog or other applications or platforms, any Content Feeds identified by NPR.

API Content
NPR, in its discretion, enables registered users to access certain content, including audio, text, images and other content on the NPR Services, NPR member station sites, applications, platforms and services, and other Content Provider sites, applications, platforms and services through its APIs, as described at dev.npr.org. NPR currently limits registration to certain types of users. NPR has the right to establish further limits on registration, to stop registering new users, or to revoke registration at any time. Content accessed through the API is available to registered users only for the limited uses described in these Terms of Use.

If you have registered with NPR to access any NPR API by using a key or client secret provided by NPR, and if your registration has not been revoked, you may use the API Content for personal, non-commercial use, or for noncommercial online use by a 501(c)(3) Nonprofit Corporation (which is not a news, broadcast or multimedia organization), provided that:

(a) your use is for non-promotional, internet-based purposes only, including desktop gadgets, blog posts, widgets, and applications, but excluding e-newsletters;

(b) all links to API Content redirect the user to the NPR Services or the NPR member station or other Content Provider sites, applications, platforms or services when the user clicks on them, and all audio must be streamed from the originating servers through direct links that redirect the user to the NPR or NPR member station or other Content Provider sites, applications, platforms or services;

(c) the date of all API Content is displayed with that content;

(d) your use or display of API Content must not suggest that NPR, its member stations or any Content Provider promotes or endorses you or any third party or the causes, ideas, sites, applications, platforms, products or services of you or any third party;

(e) you shall not modify, copy, translate, create a derivative work of, sell, distribute, or sublicense any API Content;

(f) you shall not use the API Content in any way that changes or distorts its fundamental meaning;

(g) you may not scrape, build databases, archive or store any API Content or keep cached copies of any API Content longer than permitted by the cache header, or enable the scraping, indexing, database building, archiving, storage, unpermitted caching or downloading of, any API Content by your end user or any third party;

(h) unless expressly permitted in writing by NPR, you may use only a limited amount of content from the API, and you may not re-create the NPR Services, NPR member station sites, applications, platforms or services or any Content Provider sites, applications, platforms or services, or any portion thereof;

(i) you may not insert any intermediate page, splash page or other content between the links and the applicable API Content source's web page;

(j) you must provide attribution for the content source (NPR, NPR member station or other Content Provider), by including "NPR" or the name of the relevant API Content source in text in connection with the API Content, but not in the title of any publicly-available application, and provide a link back to the API Content source's site;

(k) you will not remove, obscure or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights or notices, or falsify or delete any author attributions, legal notices or other labels of the origin or source of the API Content; and

(l) if you use API Content in an application pursuant to these terms, and if you make that application available to the public by means such as an app store, (i) you must not use "NPR, " "National Public Radio, " any program name, or any NPR logo or NPR-provided images in the title or name of, or logo or icon for, the application, (ii) the description of the application provided in the app store or app market may include a reference to "NPR, " "National Public Radio, " or any program name in a factual description of the content included in the app, provided that the description also notes that the application is not an official NPR application. Any other use of the API Content, NPR's trademarks service marks, trade names, logos, domain names or other distinctive brand features ("Brand Features") or the Brand Features of any API Content source requires the prior written permission of NPR. For permission requests, please visit our permissions page.

NPR may withdraw any or all API Content from the API at any time. Upon the request of NPR, you shall promptly cease all use of, and remove from your web site(s) or other platforms, any API Content identified by NPR. NPR reserves the right to include or apply sponsorship to any API Content and to track usage of the API Content.

Podcasts
NPR provides podcasts consisting of audio content that is provided using an RSS feed and associated file so that the file may be downloaded and played from a user's computer or mobile device. Podcasts are available only for personal, noncommercial use. You may download, copy and/or transfer a podcast to a computer or mobile device only for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you do not modify the content. You also may link to podcasts from your site, blog, application, platform or service, as long as (a) the links redirect the user to the NPR Services when the user clicks on them, (b) you do not insert any intermediate page, splash page or other content between the links and the applicable portion of the NPR Services, (c) the linking does not suggest that NPR promotes or endorses any third party's causes, ideas, sites, applications, platforms, products or services, (d) you do not use NPR content for inappropriate commercial purposes, and (e) you provide attribution to NPR adjacent to the link.

NPR Mobile Services; High Data Usage Warning; Motor Vehicle Usage
NPR does not charge you for the use of its mobile sites, applications, platforms and services or any features of these sites, applications, platforms and services ("NPR Mobile Services"). Please check your wireless plan, however, because carrier data use charges or other fees may apply. You acknowledge that streaming media can result in high data usage and may lead to excess data charges. You must provide at your own expense the equipment and connections needed for you to use the NPR Mobile Services, and you agree that you are solely responsible for any costs you incur to access the NPR Mobile Services, including any excess data charges. You should keep in mind that the use of the NPR Mobile Services to send content to another person may result in wireless charges to both the sender and the receiver. You agree to obey all laws related to the operation of motor vehicles during use of the NPR Mobile Services.

Location Based Services
NPR collects geolocation data for purposes of offering relevant content, including content from nearby member stations. Geolocation data consists of general location information based on latitude and longitude (if the user has enabled location services for an application on the user's mobile device), or based on the IP address of the user's computer or mobile device. By using any of the NPR Services, you consent to NPR's collection of this geolocation information.

NOTICE TO EU RESIDENTS: Our handling of information about EU residents, including geolocation data, is governed by the NPR Privacy Notice for EU Residents.

NPR Media Player
NPR may from time to time make available an embeddable audio player, other media player for accessing content, or other embeddable content on the NPR Services (each an "NPR Media Player"). The NPR Media Player may be embedded or displayed on your site, blog, application, platform or service, provided that (a) your use is for non-promotional, internet-based purposes only, including desktop gadgets, blog posts and widgets, but excluding e-newsletters; (b) all links redirect the user to the NPR Services when the user clicks on them, and all content is streamed from the originating NPR servers; (c) you shall not add to, delete or modify any audio, video, headlines, text, links, or other content contained in the NPR Media Player; (d) you shall not delete or modify the NPR logos contained in the NPR Media Player; (e) your use or display of the NPR Media Player must not suggest that NPR, its member stations or any Content Provider promotes or endorses you or any third party or the causes, ideas, sites, products or services of you or any third party; (f) you shall not use the NPR Media Player in any way that changes or distorts the fundamental meaning of the content; (g) you shall not use the NPR Media Player for inappropriate commercial purposes or in any way that is unlawful or harmful to any other person or entity; (h) you may not insert any intermediate page, splash page, pre-roll advertising or sponsorship messages, post-roll advertising or sponsorship messages, or other content between the links contained within the NPR Media Player and the NPR Services; and (i) you shall not insert any advertising or sponsorship messages adjacent to the NPR Media Player or in any way that's suggests that the advertisement or sponsorship supports or has been placed by NPR. Any other use of NPR's marks, the NPR Media Player, or of any content contained within the NPR Media Player requires the prior written permission of NPR. For permission requests, please visit our permissions page. NPR may cease offering the NPR Media Player or withdraw any or all content from the NPR Media Player at any time in its discretion. Upon the request of NPR, you shall promptly cease all use of, and remove from your sites, blogs, applications, platforms and services, any and all uses of the NPR Media Player.

Rules for Use of the Service

By using the NPR Services, including by registering for the NPR Services, participating in NPR social networking features, forums and discussions, Submitting User Materials through the NPR Services, the Contact Us page or other means, using Content Feeds, API Content, or podcasts, or by using any other features of the NPR Services, you agree to the following rules:

You must be at least 18 years of age to submit any User Materials or personally-identifying information on or through the NPR Services, create a public profile, participate in any online contests, or place an order on the NPR Shop. If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you may browse the NPR Services or register for email newsletters or other features of the NPR Services with the consent of your parent or guardian, so long as you do not submit any User Materials. If you are under 13 years of age, or if you are an EU resident under 16 years of age, please do not send any information about yourself, including your name, address or email address. If we discover that we have collected any personally-identifying information from a child under 13, or from an EU resident under 16, we will remove that information from our database as soon as possible.
You may not submit any User Materials under a false name or a false email address. You may not impersonate another user or provide any false information about yourself.
You may not submit any User Materials or links to material that is libelous, defamatory, false, obscene, indecent, lewd, pornographic, violent, abusive, threatening, harassing, discriminatory, in violation of the law, harmful to children, in violation of third-party privacy rights, or that constitutes hate speech or a personal attack.
You may only submit User Materials for which you have the copyright or other necessary rights and permission to distribute electronically. You may not plagiarize content or violate or infringe on the rights of third parties, including copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, privacy, personal, publicity, moral or proprietary rights. You promise and represent that you own or have all necessary rights and permissions to use, distribute and authorize NPR, NPR member stations, and users of the NPR Services (to the extent permitted by these Terms of Use) to use and distribute any User Materials.
The NPR Services can only be used for personal, non-commercial purposes. You may not submit any material containing any solicitation of funds, advertising, promotion, solicitation for goods and services, or recruiting. You may not use the NPR Services for political campaigning, recruiting votes, or soliciting support for legislative or other initiatives.
You may not submit any software or other material which contains any virus, trap door, back door, worm, Trojan horse or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, programs, adware, device or other features that may access, alter, delete, damage or disable any hardware, software, information or other property of NPR, NPR member stations, other Content Providers, or users of the NPR Services. You may not use the NPR Services to distribute chain letters, mass mailings, "spam," or duplicative or unsolicited messages in violation of applicable laws, or to gather usernames and/or email addresses for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or other communications to other users of the NPR Services.
You may not interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the NPR Services, any portion or contents thereof, or related systems or networks, or use the NPR Services in any way that degrades their reliability, speed or operation, or their underlying hardware or software. In addition you may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the NPR Services or related systems or networks.
By submitting any User Materials on or through the NPR Services, you grant to NPR, NPR member stations, and other Content Providers, their licensees, and users of these sites, applications, platforms and services (to the extent permitted by these Terms of Use) the licenses to use those User Materials specified in the "User Materials" section of these Terms of Use.
You are solely responsible for any User Materials submitted using your account. NPR does not and cannot review all User Materials submitted by you or others and is not responsible for any User Materials submitted by you or others on or through the NPR Services. However, NPR has the right (but not the obligation) to review, screen, delete, edit or move any User Materials that it deems, in its sole discretion, to be in violation of the Rules for Use of the Service or these Terms of Use.
NPR is not responsible or liable for any User Materials Submitted by you or a third party, including any User Materials, on or through the NPR Services. NPR cannot verify the accuracy of statements that users make or place on or through the NPR Services, and does not guarantee that any User Materials have been submitted with the permission of the copyright or proprietary owner or are otherwise in compliance with the Rules for Use of the Service or these Terms of Use.
You acknowledge that NPR has the right to limit or terminate your, or any other person's, access to or registration in the NPR Services for any reason, in its sole discretion, including violation of these Terms of Use.
Representations; Indemnity
You represent and warrant that (a) if you Submit any User Materials or personally-identifying information on or through the NPR Services, you are at least 18 years of age, (b) you have obtained all clearances, releases, licenses and rights to any User Materials you Submit on or through the NPR Services that may be necessary for their use as contemplated by the NPR Services and these Term of Use, (c) there are no encumbrances or restrictions on the User Materials or their use as contemplated by the NPR Services and these Terms of Use, (d) the User Materials, and their use by NPR, NPR member stations, their licensees, and users of the NPR Services and NPR member station sites, applications, platforms and services (pursuant to these Terms of Use and the terms of use of member station sites) does not and will not libel any person or entity, or violate or infringe upon the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, privacy, reputation, creative or other rights of any person or entity or violate these Terms of Use, and (e) your use of the NPR Services complies with these Terms of Use. You agree that you will indemnify and hold harmless NPR, its member stations, and Content Providers and their respective directors, officers, employees, members, and licensees from any and all claims, liabilities, costs or expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from (1) your breach of any of the above representations and warranties, (2) your use of the NPR Services, (3) the User Materials you have Submitted on or through the NPR Services, or (4) NPR's publication, distribution or use of such User Materials, or the authorized publication, distribution or use of your User Materials by NPR member stations, Content Providers, licensees, or users of the NPR Services.

Disclaimer

THE NPR SERVICES AND ANY CONTENT, MATERIALS, USER MATERIALS, FEATURES OR PRODUCTS AVAILABLE OR SOLD ON OR THROUGH THE NPR SERVICES ARE AVAILABLE ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. NPR DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE NPR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. NPR DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE NPR SERVICES OR ENDORSE, RECOMMEND, OR MAKE ANY WARRANTIES AS TO THE CONTENT, INFORMATION, MATERIALS, USER MATERIALS, FEATURES, SERVICES, PRODUCTS, OPINIONS, OR STATEMENTS AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE NPR SERVICES OR THROUGH LINKS ON THE NPR SERVICES. USE OF THE NPR SERVICES IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.

CONTENT ON THE NPR SERVICES IS NOT INTENDED TO SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL ADVICE OF ANY KIND. IN PARTICULAR, NOTHING CONTAINED IN THE NPR SERVICES IS OR SHOULD BE CONSIDERED, OR USED AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR, MEDICAL ADVICE, DIAGNOSIS OR TREATMENT. ALWAYS SEEK THE ADVICE OF YOUR PHYSICIAN OR OTHER QUALIFIED HEALTH PROVIDER WITH ANY QUESTIONS YOU MAY HAVE REGARDING PERSONAL HEALTH OR MEDICAL CONDITIONS. NEVER DISREGARD OR AVOID PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY IN SEEKING IT BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE READ, HEARD OR SEEN ON THE NPR SERVICES.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL NPR, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, MEMBERS OR THIRD- PARTY PROGRAM PRODUCERS AND CONTENT PROVIDERS BE LIABLE (A) FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE NPR SERVICES, (B) RELATING TO ANY CONTENT OR PRODUCTS AVAILABLE OR SOLD ON OR THROUGH THE NPR SERVICES, OR (C) IN CONNECTION WITH ANY THIRD-PARTY CONTENT OR MATERIALS (INCLUDING USER MATERIALS) OR THE DEFAMATORY, INFRINGING, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY. IN NO EVENT WILL NPR, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, MEMBERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY AMOUNT IN EXCESS OF $100.

Right to Change NPR Services

NPR reserves the right to change, terminate or suspend the NPR Services, any features of the NPR Services (including, but not limited to, Content Feeds, API Content, podcasts, and the NPR Media Player), and any content or materials contained in the NPR Services, in any way, at any time and for any reason or no reason. NPR also has the right to require you to cease accessing any features, content or materials of the NPR Services.

Online Shopping

In the event a product available on or through the NPR Shop is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information, NPR will have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation neither signifies NPR's acceptance of your order, nor constitutes confirmation of NPR's offer to sell. NPR reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. NPR may charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders. Otherwise, you are solely responsible for all sales or other taxes, on orders shipped to you.

Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Notices; Copyright Agent
NPR respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement by any content or material on the NPR Services, please provide the following information in writing to NPR's Copyright Agent (see 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3) for further detail):

a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright.
a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed.
a description of the material that you claim to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
information so that we can contact you, such as address, telephone number and email address.
a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of a copyright that is allegedly infringed.
If you believe that any content or materials you posted, uploaded or Submitted to the NPR Services, that were subsequently removed from the NPR Services, or to which access was disabled, were improperly removed or disabled, please provide the following Counter-Notification to NPR's Copyright Agent (see 17 U.S.C. § 512(g) for further detail):

your physical or electronic signature.
a description of the materials that have been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.
a statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
your name, address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
NPR's Copyright Agent can be reached as follows:

Michelle Shanahan
Copyright Agent
NPR
1111 North Capitol Street, NE
Washington, DC 20002
Phone: 202-513-2040
Fax: 202-513-3021
Email: ogcstaff@npr.org

Only DMCA notices should be sent to the Copyright Agent. For other comments or questions regarding the NPR Services, please contact NPR through our contact page.

International Users
The NPR Services are controlled and operated within the United States. NPR makes no representation that content, materials or products available on or through the NPR Services are appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. If you access the NPR Services from a location outside the United States, you are responsible for compliance with applicable laws, including local laws regarding online conduct and content and U.S. export laws and regulations.

Attributions & Third-Party Notices
Certain third-party content made available through the NPR Services may be subject to other terms. Where applicable, the following provisions may apply:

Associated Press ("AP"). For terms applicable specifically to AP content made available in the NPR Services, see the AP Notice.

Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use, together with the Privacy Policy, represent the entire understanding of the parties regarding the use of the NPR Services and supersede any previous documents, correspondence, conversations, or other oral or written understanding related to the use of the NPR Services. These Terms of Use are separate and distinct from the terms of use governing the sites, applications, platforms and services of NPR's member stations, and the sites, applications, platforms and services that may link to or from the NPR Services. These Terms of Use are governed by and construed under District of Columbia law, without regard to its choice of law rules, and, where applicable, the laws of the United States. To the extent permissible by law, any disputes under these Terms of Use or relating to the NPR Services shall be litigated in the local or federal courts located in the District of Columbia, and you hereby consent to personal jurisdiction and venue in the District of Columbia. A modification or waiver of a part of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver or modification of any other portion of the Terms of Use. If for any reason any provision of these Terms of Use is found unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the remainder of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.

Questions

If you have any questions about these Terms of Use, please contact NPR.