( Date Accessed: 6/02/2021, From: http://policy.pepsi.com/privacy.htm )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used: 8
https://policy.pepsico.com/aboutads
https://policy.pepsico.com/aboutads
https://policy.pepsico.com/aboutads
https://policy.pepsico.com/aboutads
https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0031-protecting-your-childs-privacy-online
https://www.pepsico.com/global-sites
http://mydata.pepsico.com/
https://policy.pepsico.com/aboutads
)

PEPSICO UNITED STATES PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: July 1, 2014; Last Updated: February 13, 2020

It is our aim through this PEPSICO UNITED STATES PRIVACY POLICY (“Policy”) to explain what information we collect about you and why we collect that information. We also want to make sure you understand how we use and share your information and the choices available to you. Our goal is to earn and keep your trust as you visit websites and applications about our products and brands.

This Policy describes how we treat personal information on websites (“sites”), mobile or social media applications (“apps”), and any other services where we include an authorized link or reference to this Policy (together, the “Services”). This Policy does not describe our practices on sites or apps where it is not referenced.

Your use of our apps and sites indicates you agree to our collection, use, and sharing of your information as set forth in this Policy.

What information do we collect?
We collect identifiers and contact information. For example, we may collect your name and street address if you register on our site or apps. We may also collect your phone number or email address. We also collect online identifiers. For example, if you engage with us through a social media site, we may collect your social media user identifier.

We collect payment information. If you make purchases with us, we (or our business partners who process credit cards for us) may collect your billing information. This includes your credit card number.

We collect information you submit or otherwise provide or authorize us to collect. We collect the information you post in a public space on our site. This includes comments and videos or photos. We also collect any other information you may provide to us or authorize us to collect. This may include information about your physical activities or your nutrition preferences.

We collect demographic information and information about your interests. We may collect information such as your gender and age, household or lifestyle information, and your ZIP Code.

We collect internet and electronic network activity information, such as device and usage information. We may collect information about the browser you are using, and we may look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. We may also collect information about your operating system, Internet Service Provider (ISP) information and IP addresses and other device identifiers, such as mobile device identifiers. In addition, we may collect information about your use of our Services, including through use of tracking technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, and Flash Cookies. For additional information, please visit our About Our Ads policy here.

We collect geolocation information. Using technologies such as GPS or Wi-Fi, we may collect information about your location. For example, if you use our mobile apps, we may access your device’s location information to provide you location-enabled features.

We collect job application information, such as professional or employment-related information and education information. We collect information if you apply for a job with us. This information may include your education and work history, your skills, and qualifications for the position. We may ask about how you learned about the position. If applicable, we may ask about your driving record and your ability to perform the position. We may also collect the last four digits of your social security number and your nationality.

We collect information about third parties. From time to time, we may allow you to send an email or message to a friend through one of our sites or apps. If you choose to do this, we will need that person’s name and email address.

How do we collect information?
We collect information directly from you. We collect information from you when you:

make a purchase with us;
register on one of our sites or apps;
join our loyalty programs;
apply for a job;
sign up for our email newsletters and other notifications;
participate in promotions such as sweepstakes or contests;
fill out a survey;
contact us, such as through our sites and apps or otherwise communicating with our Consumer Relations team; and
otherwise provide it to us or authorize us to collect it
We collect information from you through tracking tools. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and mobile device IDs to collect information when you use the Services. We do this on our websites, in emails that we send to you, and in media advertising. We collect information about usage and browser information over time. You may learn more about the choices that may be available to you by visiting our About Our Ads policy here.

Third parties may also share information about you with us. For example, our business partners may give us information about you. We may receive information from commercial sources such as companies who compile information about shoppers and their preferences. Social media platforms may also give us information about you, and we may get information about your interactions with our ads on third-party sites.

Some information provided by third parties may be aggregated or otherwise deidentified so that it does not identify you. Aggregated and deidentified data are not subject to this Privacy Policy.

We combine information from different sources. For example, we may combine information we have collected offline with information we collect online. We combine information we have collected across third-party sites, including social media sites. We combine information across devices such as computers and mobile devices. We may also combine information from third parties with information we already have. We may use this information to generate inferences about you and for the other purposes described in this Privacy Policy.

How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
We use information to help us effectively provide you products and services. We use your information to respond to your questions or enable you to participate in our programs. This may include sweepstakes or contests. We also may use your information to process your registration with sites and apps. We may use your friends’ email addresses to send them information that you requested we send them. We also use your information to process orders for you. We may also contact you about products and services you have requested, or if you have won a prize or promotion.

We use information to improve our products and services. One of our goals is that you have a positive experience with our sites, apps, and products. Therefore, we may use your information to improve your experience with our sites, apps, and products. We may use information you provide or that third-party partners give us to personalize your experience.

We use information for security purposes. We may use your information to help protect you, our sites and apps, our company, our customers, and our consumers.

We use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might send you information about products, offers, features, or updates. We might also use your information to serve you ads about products and offers. Those ads may appear on third-party platforms which may include social media. These might be our own offers or products, or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting. We may provide you with information through email or push notification.

We use information to get feedback from you about how we’re doing and for other transactional purposes. We may contact you about this Policy or the Terms of Use posted to the sites or apps you are using. We may also communicate with you about a job application or your questions about our products or promotions.

We use information as the law allows us or as we may notify you.

How Do We Share Your Information?
We share information within the PepsiCo family of companies and brands. This includes current and future PepsiCo subsidiaries, affiliates, and joint venture partners. This also includes current brands such as Pepsi, Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Quaker, and Tropicana; and all future brands. For a list of PepsiCo brands, visit https://www.pepsico.com/brands/product-information. We may also share information with third parties with which we have an ownership interest or commercial relationship, such as companies whose products we distribute or whose products we think you might find interesting.

We share information with our business partners and third-party vendors. For example, we may share information with joint promotion partners. If you register for a joint promotion, your information may be collected by both us and the third party. This might include retailers. Your information will be used by us as described in this Policy or by promotion partners as described in their policies. We may also share information with companies who serve as our vendors or third parties who perform services on our behalf. They may help us deliver products or services to you. We may share information with companies who operate our sites and apps or who run our promotions.

We will share information if we think we must in order to comply with the law or to protect our company. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it. This includes United States and non-United States law enforcement or regulatory authorities. We may also share information to help protect you, our sites and apps, our company, our customers, and our consumers. We may also share information if we are investigating potential fraud.

Third parties may collect information when you use the Services. Third parties that provide advertising, content, and/or functionality to our Services may collect information from these Services through tracking tools like browser cookies and mobile device IDs. For example, third-party advertisers may have a presence on some of our Services, and this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected across different websites and online services. You may learn more and see information about choices available to you by visiting our About Our Ads policy here.

We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold, or is involved in a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, we may include your information as part of that transaction.

If there are additional reasons we may share information, we will describe those to you.

You Have Certain Choices About How We Use Your Information
You can opt out of email marketing. To stop receiving promotional emails from us, follow the instructions in any promotional email message you get from us. If you opt out of getting marketing email messages, you may continue to receive non-marketing email messages from us where permitted by law.

You can control cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we and our vendors use cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our About Our Ads policy, please click here.

Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms. Some web browsers transmit "do-not-track" signals to websites. Because the standards for these signals are still under development, we currently do not take action in response to these signals.

You can control tools on your mobile devices. For example, you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your phone. To modify the push notifications you get from our app, you can alter your preferences in your profile.

You may have other choices under state laws. Depending on where you live, you may have certain additional rights, such as the right to request access to your personal information or to request deletion of your personal information.

Requests should be submitted as set out in the “Feel Free to Contact Us If You Have More Questions” section of this Privacy Policy. These rights are not absolute, and we will respond to all requests we receive in accordance with applicable laws. The Your California Rights section below provides additional information for California residents.

Children’s Privacy.
It is not our intention to collect personal information from children under age 13. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think that your child under 13 has given us information, you can contact us at https://contact.pepsico.com/pepsico/contact-us and we will take appropriate steps. You can also write to us at the address listed below. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Information Request.” Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children’s privacy online here.

Security Measures
We use various technical and organizational mechanisms to secure our websites and apps. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure.

Our Services Are Intended for a United States Audience
If you are outside of the United States, please visit the site designated for you. You can find it by going here. If you live outside of the United States and choose to use this site or app, you understand that it is at your own risk. You also understand that your information will be sent to and stored in the United States. The United States may not afford the same level of protection as laws in your own country.

We May Link to Other Sites or Apps or Have Third Party Services and Tools on Our Platform We Don't Control
We may link to or allow you to access the Services from third-party websites or platforms. Our sites and apps may also include third-party content that collects information. Third party content may include tools like cookies and tracking technologies. These third parties may use your information for their own purposes. This may include behavioral advertising and analytic purposes. We do not control these third parties or their use of these technologies, so please read their privacy policies carefully.

Feel free to contact us if you have more questions.
If you have questions about this Policy or our data practices, or if you would like to submit a request, please click on the “General question” box located at https://contact.pepsico.com/pepsico/contact-us to submit your question. You can also write to us or call us at:

PepsiCo, Inc.
Attn: Consumer Relations
700 Anderson Hill Road
Purchase, NY 10577
1-800-433-2652
For California residents only: If you would like to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), you have two options for doing so:

Call Us: You may call us at our toll-free number, 1-833-548-0119; or
Submit Through Our Portal: You may submit your request through our secure web portal, which may be accessed by clicking on this link: http://mydata.pepsico.com
We May Update This Policy
From time to time, we may change this Policy. When we do, we will notify you of any material changes as required by law. This will include posting an updated copy here and updating the “Last Updated” date. Please check periodically for updates.

Your California Rights
California “Shine the Light” Law

If you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time per year for information about our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. To make a request, please contact us at https://contact.pepsico.com/pepsico/contact-us or write to us at the address listed above. Indicate in your letter that you are a California resident making a “Shine the Light” inquiry. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than by the means specified in this section, if the request is not labeled or sent properly, or if the request does not have complete information.

California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)

We have explained our privacy practices in full in the other sections of this Privacy Policy. In this section, we provide a list of categories of personal information as set forth in the CCPA that have been collected, disclosed for business purposes, or sold for commercial purposes (as defined by the CCPA) during the preceding 12 months, as well as certain other information. Please see the other sections of the Privacy Policy for additional information and context.

Category of Personal Information	Explanation
Identifiers, such as your name, street address, phone number, IP address, or email address	We may use this information to respond to your questions, to enable you to participate in our programs (including sweepstakes or contests), to process your registration with sites and apps, and for other business purposes.
Commercial information, such as a record of your purchases	We may use your information to provide you with products, to identify other products and offers that may be relevant to you, and for other business purposes.
Biometric information, such as voice recordings, images, and information about your physical activities that you provide.	We use this information to provide you products and the Services and for our other business purposes, such as when we capture voice recordings as part of our customer support.
Internet and electronic network activity information, such as information about your interactions with our Services	We may use this information to improve our Services, to better understand the visitors who come to our Services and what content is of interest to them, and for other business purposes.
Precise geographic location information, using technologies such as GPS or Wi-Fi	We may use this information to improve the quality, security, and relevance of our Services to our visitors and for other business purposes.
Other electronic information, including information you post in a public space on our site (such as videos or photos)	We may use this information to provide the services you ask for on our Services, as part of sweepstakes or other competitions, and for other business purposes.
Inferences about you	We may use this information to personalize your experience with us, and for other business purposes.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as your gender	We may use this information for our equal employment opportunity program, and for other business purposes.
As discussed in the other sections of our Privacy Policy, we collect this type of information from you, through our interactions with you and others, and from third parties, and we disclose these categories of personal information within the PepsiCo family of companies and brands, to business partners and third-party vendors that provide us hosting, advertising, and other services, and as needed to comply with legal process. Your personal information may also be shared with third parties with whom you interact and third parties that you direct us to share your information with through our Services.

We share personal information with third parties in various ways as described elsewhere in this Policy. We do not consider the ways we share your personal information to comprise the sale of your information. You may learn about ways in which you can control the collection of information about you through cookies, mobile ad IDs, and other tracking tools by third parties by visiting our About Our Ads policy here.

Information about how you may exercise your rights as a California resident can be found in the “Feel Free to Contact Us If You Have More Questions” section of our Privacy Policy.

We may verify your request by asking you to provide information to confirm your identity. This information may vary depending on your relationship with us. If you would like to use an agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. Subject to applicable law, you may have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights over your personal information.