( Date Accessed: 6/02/2021, From: https://prolifeaction.org/wp-content/uploads/docs/PrivacyPolicy.pdf )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used: 4
http://prolifeaction.org/leagueinfo/contact.php?topic=web
http://prolifeaction.org/leagueinfo/contact.php?topic=web
http://prolifeaction.org/leagueinfo/contact.php?topic=web
http://prolifeaction.org/leagueinfo/contact.php?topic=web
)

Our Privacy Policy

The Pro-Life Action League ("the League") is committed to safeguarding your privacy. The League does not
collect personally identifying information about you when you visit this site, unless you choose to provide such
information. Providing such information is strictly voluntary. This policy is your guide to how the League
handles information learned about you from your visit to this site.
1. Use of Links
Throughout this site, the League provides links to other websites which may contain information of interest to
our visitors. The League takes no responsibility for, and exercise no control over, the organizations, views or
accuracy of the information contained on other websites.
You do not require permission to create a text link to this website from your own website, blog or social
networking page. If you have a link you'd like the League to consider adding to this site, please contact the
webmaster.
2. Use of Text and Images
If you would like to publish information that you find on this site, please contact the webmaster. Where text
or images are posted on this site with the permission of the original copyright holder, a copyright statement
appears at the bottom of the page.
3. Accessibility
This site is designed to be accessible to visitors with disabilities, and to comply with relevant federal
guidelines. The League welcomes your comments. If you have suggestions on how to make the site more
accessible, please contact the webmaster.
4. User Information and Site Metrics
The League routinely collects and stores only the following information about you: the date and time you
access this site, your numeric IP address and the Internet address of the website from which you linked to this
site.
This information is for site metrics—to count number of visitors to the different sections of the site, and to
help the League make this site more useful to visitors.
5. Donor Information
Donor information can be kept off mailing lists that are sold, traded or shared at your request by contacting
the League at 773-777-2900. You may opt-out of further communication from the League. See "Opt-Out or
Change Your Contact Information" below.
6. Sending Us an E-mail
You also may decide to send the League personally identifying information, for example, in an electronic mail
message containing a question or comment, or by filling out a form that provides this information. This
information will be used primarily to respond to your requests. Your message may be forwarded to a League
employee better able to answer your questions. The League may also use your e-mail to contact you in the
future about programs that may be of interest.
The League will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit this site, unless you
choose to provide such information. Providing such information is strictly voluntary.
7. Opt-Out or Change Your Contact Information
If you wish to opt-out of receiving communications from the League or need to change the contact
information you provided to the League, please contact the webmaster.
8. Questions about our policies
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with this site,
please contact the webmaster.