( Date Accessed: 6/02/2021, From: https://quizlet.com/privacy )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used: 27
https://quizlet.com/feedback
mailto:support@quizlet.com
https://quizlet.com/privacy#managing_your_account
https://quizlet.com/privacy#choices
https://quizlet.com/cookies
https://quizlet.com/cookies
https://quizlet.com/privacy#choices
https://quizlet.com/privacy/providers
https://quizlet.com/feedback
https://quizlet.com/cookies
mailto:support@quizlet.com
https://quizlet.com/tos
https://help.quizlet.com/hc/en-us/articles/360030253571-GDPR-compliance
mailto:privacy-eu@quizlet.com
https://quizlet.com/feedback
mailto:privacy@quizlet.com
mailto:privacy@quizlet.com
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
mailto:privacy-eu@quizlet.com
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
https://www.privacyshield.gov/
mailto:security@quizlet.com
https://www.privo.com/privo-site-validation?company=1091
mailto:privacy@quizlet.com
mailto:privacy@privo.com
https://quizlet.com/feedback
mailto:privacy@quizlet.com
)

Quizlet Privacy Policy
Effective date: December 3, 2012; Last updated: December 15, 2020

Quizlet, Inc. is dedicated to helping people around the world practice and master whatever they are learning. When you share information with us we can help you achieve that goal by helping you find the right content and making your studying quicker and more effective. This Privacy Notice is meant to help you understand how we collect and use the personal information you provide on our website, www.quizlet.com, and the two official Quizlet iOS and Android mobile applications. This notice explains:

The information we collect and where we collect it from
The ways we use your information
The times where we might need to share information
Choices you have about we do and how to exercise your choices
How to contact us if you have questions
Information We Collect and Sources
We need to collect certain information about you to provide you with the Service or the support you request. The type of information we collect can vary depending on how you access and use our Service. Additionally, you can choose to voluntarily provide information to us. Below we have described the types of information we collect and from where we collect it.

Information you Provide to Us to Use the Service
Account information. We collect the information you provide when you sign up for a Quizlet account, log in to your account, communicate with us, answer our surveys, upload content, or otherwise use the Services. We request an email address and date of birth when you choose to sign up for the Service so we can provide the Services to you and allow us to comply with applicable regulations. Without this information, we are not be able to provide you with the Service.

Transactional information. Users who engage in financial transactions with Quizlet, for example to purchase an upgraded membership subscription, are asked to provide additional information in order to complete the transaction, such as a credit card number, billing address and full name.

Visitors can always refrain from supplying certain information, but it may prevent them from engaging in certain Quizlet services which require that information.

Information You Provide to Enhance Your Experience
You can choose to provide us with additional information in order to obtain a better user experience when using the Service. This additional information will be processed with your consent and/or to provide you with services you request. This information includes your survey responses, participation in contests, promotions or other marketing efforts, suggestions for improvements, referrals, or any other actions on the Service.

Information We Get Automatically When You Use the Service
We automatically collect information about you and how you use the Service, like when you create a study set, join a class, or view and interact with your or other users’ content. This information we collect includes:

Device information. Like most website operators, Quizlet collects information about how users visit our site and the devices they use. We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, device identifiers like IDFA and UDID, and mobile network information). Quizlet may associate your device identifiers or other device information with your Quizlet Account to help us provide consistent services across your devices.

Geolocation information. We may use your IP address to generate a general approximation of where you are located in order to provide you with an improved experience. We do not request access to or collect location sensor information, such as GPS or Bluetooth beacons, from your mobile device while downloading or using our mobile apps or services.

Log information. When you use Quizlet, we automatically collect and store certain information about this activity. This data includes details of how you used our service, like your search queries, clicks and site navigation information, or study activity. It also may include data such as:

Browser type
Language preference and time zone
Referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request
Connection information like ISP or mobile operator
Internet Protocol (IP) address
Log-in and Log-out times
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We do not control, supervise or respond for how the third parties providing your information process your personal data, and any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third parties.

The information we collect about you from third parties includes:

Facebook Connect and Google Login. You have the option to log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect and Google Login. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us, such as your name, date of birth, and email address, to pre-populate our sign-up form. You may, optionally, choose to provide additional information during the sign-up or linking process, such as a friends list, to enable certain features on Quizlet.

Other users. Quizlet may receive information about you from other users. For example, if another user chooses to use our referral service to tell a friend about our website, we may ask that user for their friend’s name and email address so we can send the invites on their behalf. You may contact us at quizlet.com/feedback to request that we remove your information from our database.

Other partners and companies. Quizlet may also receive information about you from other sources, including our partners, service providers or other third parties.

Information From Children
While Quizlet is intended for users age 13 and over, if a child requests access to our website we accommodate them by offering a limited feature set and restricted website experience that removes certain features. We offer this restricted experience (“Child Account”) for accounts of all users below the age of 13 and for some users below the age of 16 where applicable under local law.

To create a Child Account, Quizlet requires the user to submit a date of birth, username and email address. We collect a parent’s email address from a child under the age of consent if they attempt to register in order to notify the parent of their child’s use of Quizlet and, where required, to seek parental consent for use of that data. We do not sell information from Child Accounts. We may share or distribute information from Child Accounts as described in this section and this Privacy Notice, including with parents in order to provide notice of use and gather parental consent, with third parties to support internal operations, and to provide the restricted experience on the Service to the Child Account.

We do not condition a child's participation or access to any activity on Quizlet on the child providing any personally-identifying information or any more information than is reasonably necessary for that activity. We may use aggregated or de-identified information about children for research, analysis, marketing and other commercial purposes.

Third Party Service Providers. Where necessary, we use restricted versions of our third-party services (for example, Google Analytics) that limit data sharing and tracking on areas of our site and mobile apps that are accessed by children to support our internal operations.

Parental Rights. Parents and legal guardians of children under 13 can consent to collection and use of a child's personal information without consenting to the disclosure of that information to third parties. Parents or guardians can review information their children under 13 have contributed to Quizlet by accessing their child's account via password reset. Parents can also request that Quizlet delete that information and refuse to allow Quizlet to collect further information from their children by contacting Quizlet at support@quizlet.com. Learn more about this in our Managing your Account section below. Quizlet may ask additional questions or take other steps to verify the identity of a parent or guardian before responding to a request to review or delete a child's information or a request to refuse further collection from a child.

How We Use Your Information
We collect information about you when you use the Service for a variety of reasons in order to support Quizlet and to enable our team to continue to create engaging experiences for our users.

Providing, Analyzing, Improving and Developing the Service
We process the data we collect about you to operate, improve and develop the Quizlet Service, including providing, maintaining, securing and improving our services, developing new ones, and protecting Quizlet and our users. We are able to deliver our services, personalize content, and make suggestions for you by using this information to understand how you use and interact with our services. We conduct surveys and research, test features in development, and analyze the information we have to evaluate and improve products and services, develop new products or features, and conduct audits and troubleshooting activities.

Here are some examples of how we use this information:

Providing, maintaining and improving the Service. Account information we collect from you allows us to help you log in, host your content, and use the various study tools we have. It also allows us learn about how you and others use Quizlet to help create new activities and services, like Quizlet Live.
Improving, personalizing and facilitating your use of the Service. When you sign up and use a Quizlet account, we may associate certain information with your new account, such as information about other Quizlet accounts you had or currently have, and your prior usage of the Service. For example, we use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to save your language preferences, so we will be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer. We do this in order to ensure that content from the Service is presented in the most effective manner for you.
Measuring, tracking and analyzing trends and usage in connection with your use or the performance of the Service. In order to develop and enhance our products and deliver a consistent, secure and continuous experience, we need gather certain information to analyze usage and performance of the Service. We also use mobile analytics software to pursue our legitimate interests in operating and improving Quizlet by allowing us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events and activities that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
Fulfilling any other purpose disclosed to you in connection with the Service.
Communicating with You About the Service
We also use your account information and information you provide to us to provide you with relevant information about the Service and to assist you in using the Service if required. These communications may include:

Sending you information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us about our products and services. We may send you information about the parts of Quizlet you use or that may be relevant to you. While we primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information and we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum, you may object to being contacted for these reasons using your personal contact information using the mechanisms provided in the Quizlet service or using the information provided below.
Conducting surveys and collecting feedback about the Service. We do this to evaluate the effectiveness of any updates we provide.
Delivering assistance or answering support requests. We send you the information and support you request, including technical notices, security alerts, and other administrative messages to provide assistance for problems you may encounter with the Service or your Quizlet account.
Protecting the Service and Maintaining a Trusted Environment
We use all categories of information we collect to maintain Quizlet as a safe and secure platform for all our users, including appropriate enforcement of Quizlet policies, as well as compliance with the law and applicable regulations. These efforts include:

Preventing fraud, crime and abuse and the security and integrity of the Service. This includes investigating, detecting and preventing or reporting fraud, misrepresentations, security breaches or incidents, other potentially prohibited or illegal activities or to otherwise help protect your account.
Protecting our and third parties’ rights and property and enforcing our Terms of Service or other applicable agreements or policies, including our Community Guidelines and Honor Code.
Verifying your identity. In some cases, we may need to verify your identity in order to protect the security and integrity of the Service and your account.
Complying with any applicable laws or regulations. This includes appropriately responding to lawful requests for information from the government or third parties through legal process.
Contacting you to resolve disputes, collect fees and provide assistance with the Service.
Advertising, Analytics and Marketing
In order to support the Quizlet business and provide our users with relevant information regarding the Service and opportunities presented by partners, Quizlet may use your personal information for marketing the Service. We may also communicate with you and others about opportunities, products, services, contests, promotions, discounts, incentives, surveys, and rewards offered by us and select partners. We may also displaying relevant advertising to you while using the Service. To learn more about how we display relevant advertising to you, and to exercise choices please read the Choices section below and our Ad and Cookie Policy.

Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Quizlet and our partners' affiliates, or analytics or service providers, to collect and store data about our users in order to provide the Service in accordance with our agreement with you under the Terms of Service and are an essential technology for allowing Quizlet to pursue our legitimate interests in operating and improving the Service.

Learn more about these tools and how you can control them in our Ad and Cookie Policy.

Information We Combine
We also collect some information from other sources and combine that with information we collect from you. To ensure a proper experience on Quizlet, we combine information collected across devices, such as computers and mobile devices.

Other Uses
We may process data for any other purpose disclosed to you in connection with the Service from time to time. If we intend to process your personal data for a purpose other than that set out above and which is not compatible with the original processing purpose, we will provide you with relevant information prior to such processing and will obtain your consent where necessary.

How your Information Is Shared
Information You Choose to Share on Quizlet
Certain information about you or activities you perform on Quizlet may be displayed publicly, for example, information included on your user profile, classes you have joined, high scores you have achieved, or sets you have studied may be visible to others. Whenever possible, we provide you with choices about the privacy of your information on Quizlet.

How Quizlet Shares Information
Quizlet shares your information in the following circumstances:

With your consent. We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Quizlet when we have your consent to do so.

For external processing. Quizlet provides personal and non-personal information to our partners, trusted organizations, vendors and other affiliated organizations to process it on our behalf. Some of these contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country. Our providers process data in accordance with our instructions, Privacy Notice and any other appropriate confidentiality, security or other requirements we deem necessary in order to comply with Quizlet’s obligations. By using Quizlet, you agree to allow these companies to process your data on our behalf, regardless of where they are located. We regularly update a list of our partners, service providers and subprocessors, which you can view here.

To respond to legal and other requests and to prevent harm. Quizlet will share all categories of personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Quizlet if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:

Respond to or meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or other enforceable governmental request.
Enforce our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Protect against and prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of Quizlet, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
With any successor to all or part of our business. If Quizlet is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.

For research purposes. From time to time, Quizlet may release non-personal information in the aggregate or as part of anonymized datasets, for example, by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

Your Choices About How We Use Your Information
Promotional Communications
You may receive promotional email messages from Quizlet when you first interact with the Service or by making a request to us. You can opt out of receiving promotional email messages from Quizlet at the time we collect your information by following the instructions on screen, in those email messages, or by changing your notification settings in your Quizlet account. Opting out of receiving communications may impact your use of the Services. If you decide to opt out, we will still send you non-promotional communications, such as digital receipts and messages about your account or our ongoing business relations.

Who Can View Information You Post
Comments you post on our blog or in testimonials may be viewable by other users of Quizlet and the general public and you should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from these areas, contact us at quizlet.com/feedback. We provide you the ability to control who can view and modify the content you have created on Quizlet and to remove information about previous study sessions. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

Cookies and Tracking Tools
To learn how to manage cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our Do Not Track Policy, please click here.

Managing Your Account
You remain in control of the information you provide to Quizlet. You may review, edit or delete any information you submit to us at any time by signing into your Quizlet account; however, deletion of this information may restrict your ability to effectively use the Service. You may also delete your account at any time. If you delete your account, all the study sets, folders, and classes that you've created will also be also deleted in accordance with our data retention practices.

For users with Child Accounts, the parent also retains control of the information the child provides to Quizlet. Parents may review, edit or delete their child’s account’s content or account at any time by signing into the child’s account. If the parent deletes the account, all the study sets, folders, and classes the child created are also deleted. A parent may request updates or corrections to a Child Account’s registration information by contacting support@quizlet.com. We will respond to these requests within a reasonable timeframe.

EU Resident Rights
Quizlet processes your personal data only when we have a lawful basis for doing so. For example, some of the information we collect from you we need to enable use to deliver the Services to you and fulfill our agreement under the Terms of Service, sometimes we collect and process your data when you have given us consent to do so, sometimes we are required by law and regulations to collect and process this information about you, and, at other times, we consider it to be in our legitimate interest to collect and process this information, taking into consideration your privacy rights. In rare cases we also may be required to process your data to protect your vital interests or for a task in the public good.

European users also have several rights under the General Data Protection Regulation in certain circumstances, including the right to access, update and remove your personal data, object to particular processing, or file a complaint with our privacy team or a supervisory authority. You can find out more about Quizlet’s approach to the GDPR, including how to exercise these rights, here. Note we may need to verify your identity before granting access or otherwise changing or correcting your information.

Privacy Team Contact Information
Quizlet, Inc.
Attention: Privacy team
501 2nd Street, Suite 500
San Francisco, CA 94107 USA

privacy-eu@quizlet.com
+1-510-495-6550

California and Nevada Resident Rights
California residents’ rights. If you reside in California and are not a job applicant, employee, or employee of another company interacting with us in your job role, you have the right to request what information we collect, use, and disclose. You also have the right to request that we delete your information. The easiest mechanism is to log in to your account and delete your account using the option available on your Settings page. To make a request through our support team, you can contact us at quizlet.com/feedback or email us at privacy@quizlet.com. For requests submitted through our support team, we may need to take additional steps to verify you are the owner of the account, including confirming certain account information and ownership of the email address linked to the account. We will not discriminate against you because you have exercised any of your privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act. You can designate an agent to make a request by having them execute a notarized power of attorney to act on your behalf.

Sales of personal information. Under California law, we are required to tell California residents if we “sell” information as that term is defined by applicable law. “Sell” means to share personal information with a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. California residents, we do not sell your personal information based on our understanding of that term. We also have disclosure obligations in Nevada. We do not exchange Nevada residents’ personal information for money with anyone so they may license or sell the personal information to additional parties. We do not sell personal information of minors under the age of 16. Nevada residents may opt out of the future sale of their information to a third party so that they may license or sell information by emailing us at: privacy@quizlet.com.

We Store Information In the United States
While Quizlet operates internationally, many of our systems are based in the United States which has different data protection standards than the European Union.

Quizlet participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. We are committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List available at: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.

Quizlet is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Quizlet complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, United Kingdom and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions. For example, we may use standard contractual clauses when we transfer your personal data to third parties outside the EEA or adopt other means to ensure that adequate safeguards are applied to your personal data, such as a relevant third party’s Privacy Shield certification or binding corporate rules (approved by EU data protection authorities and put in place to protect your personal data).

With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, Quizlet is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

Quizlet permits EU and Swiss individuals whose personal information has been transferred to us choices about whether their personal information may be used for purposes other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or which was subsequently authorized. Individuals can make these choices directly within the Quizlet Service or by contacting us at privacy-eu@quizlet.com.

If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, free of charge, using the information provided at https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield.

Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.

In addition to Quizlet’s participation in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, when we transfer personal data to our partners or service providers outside the European Economic Area (EEA), we may also make use of other transfer mechanisms which have been approved by the European Commission, including the use of model contracts and the standard contractual clauses.

How Long We Retain Your Information
Quizlet retains your personal information for as long as your account is active, to fulfill our legitimate business purposes, or to comply with our legal obligations. When these conditions no longer exist, Quizlet removes that information in accordance with our standard deletion processes. Quizlet may retain and use non-personal information, including information which has been de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized, indefinitely.

We retain records of support tickets and other communications between Quizlet and our users, for example support emails, survey responses, feedback submissions, or comments on our blogs or other posts, indefinitely in order to better manage our support processes, maintaining accurate business records, and identifying other trends. We reserve the right to publish these communications in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.

How We Secure Your Information
The security of your personal information is important to us. Quizlet takes measures reasonably designed to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of personal information.

We use our best efforts to follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. For example, our website and apps are designed to be protected by HTTPS encryption. When you enter credit card information on our order forms, that information is intended to be encrypted and is designed protected by our third-party payment providers. However, the Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us at security@quizlet.com.

COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act)
Kids Privacy Assured: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
COPPA Safe Harbor Certification seal
The Quizlet website (owned and operated by Quizlet, Inc) are included in PRIVO’s Kids Privacy Assured COPPA Safe Harbor Certification Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children's personal information collected online. PRIVO aims to help parents and their children exercise control over personal information while exploring the Internet. The PRIVO COPPA certification seal posted on this page indicates Quizlet, Inc has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at privacy@quizlet.com or using the contact information below. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com.

Changes to This Notice
Quizlet reserves the right to modify this Privacy Notice at any time, so please review it frequently. If we materially change how we use your personal information, we will notify, by email, and/or by means of a notice on our website prior to the change becoming effective. If you disagree with these changes, you can delete your account at any time and/or stop using the Service. Your continued use of the Service constitutes your acceptance of any changes to this Privacy Notice.

If we make material changes to how we collect and use personal information from children under the age of consent, we will notify parents by email and, when appropriate, obtain additional parental consent for the new uses of the child's personal information.

Contact Us
If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Notice, please contact us at quizlet.com/feedback or write us:

Quizlet, Inc.
Attention: Privacy team
501 2nd Street, Suite 500
San Francisco, CA 94107 USA

privacy@quizlet.com
+1-510-495-6550