( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used:
https://www.target.com/
https://www.target.com/c/target-com-privacy-policy-spanish/-/N-4sr7n
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#Type
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#InfoCollection
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#YouProvide
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#Auto
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#Third
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#Social
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#MLI
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#StoreCam
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#InfoOther
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#InfoUsed
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#Product
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#Purposes
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#CC
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#CDL
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#IBA
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#UserEx
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#SM
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#Prevent
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#Legal
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#InfoShared
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#Subsid
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#CIB
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#ServPro
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#RegShop
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#OBP
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#LegalReq
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#Else
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#Sharing
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#BT
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#Choices
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#CA
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#CACPA
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#CAShine
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#Nevada
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#AccessingPersonalInformation
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#PersonalInformationSecurity
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#ContactTarget
https://www.target.com/c/target-privacy-policy/-/N-4sr7p#TargetPPS
https://www.target.com/circle/optout
http://optout.aboutads.info/
https://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising
http://www.aboutads.info/how-interest-based-ads-work
http://www.adobe.com/privacy.html
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
https://www.crazyegg.com/privacy
https://www.crazyegg.com/opt-out
https://www.target.com/circle/optout
https://www.target.com/c/terms-conditions/-/N-4sr7l
https://www.target.com/ccpa-intake-form
https://www.target.com/ccpa-intake-form
https://www.target.com/do-not-sell-ca
https://www.target.com/do-not-sell-nv
https://www.target.com/c/redcard-target-debit-card-privacy-policy/-/N-4tgix
https://www.target.com/c/redcard-td-bank-privacy-policy-for-target-credit/-/N-4tgiy
http://www.target.com/c/-/-/N-4sr7o
)

Target/Target Privacy Policy‎
traducción en español
 
 
Last update: 4/9/2021
At Target, we want you to know how we collect, use, share, and protect information about you. By interacting with Target through our stores, websites, mobile applications, products, and services, you consent to the use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy policy. We may change or add to this privacy policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically.
Types of Information Collected
How is Your Information Collected?
You Provide it to Us
Automated Information Collection
Third-party Automated Collection
Social Media Widgets
Mobile Location Information
Cameras
Information from Other Sources
How is Your Information Used?
Product and Service Fulfillment
Our Purposes
Cross-Context
Cross-Device Linking
Interest Based Advertising
User Experience Information
Social Media
Prevention of Fraud and Other Harm
Legal Compliance
How is Your Information Shared?
Target Subsidiaries and Affiliates
Card Issuing Bank
Service Providers
Registries and Shopping Lists
Other Businesses Products and Services
Legal Requirements
Elsewhere at Your Direction
Sharing Non-identifiable or Aggregate Information with Third Parties
Business Transfers
What Choices Do You Have?
California Residents
California Consumer Privacy Act
California Shine the Light
Nevada Consumers
How do You Access and Update Your Personal Information?
How is Your Personal Information Protected?
How do you contact Target?
Target Privacy Policy Scope
Types of information Collected:
 
Name
Mailing address
E-mail address
Phone (or mobile) number
Driver’s license number
Credit/debit card number
Purchase/return/exchange information
Registry or list information
Your mobile device information (e.g., device model, operating system version, device date and time, unique device identifiers, mobile network information)
How you use our sites and mobile applications, search terms, pages you visit on Target.com and our mobile applications and application performance
Geo-location and in-store location
Media Information (e.g. Advertising engagement in social, digital, and broadcast media)
IP Address
Special status designations (e.g., Teacher, College Student, Military)
Language Preferences
Demographics (e.g. age, sex)
Physical Characteristics, when you provide it to us (e.g. in connection with makeup/skincare)
If you choose not to provide information, we may not be able to provide you with requested products, services or information.
How is Your Information Collected?
You Provide It to Us
We collect information that you enter on our digital properties or give us in other ways (e.g. when you contact Guest Relations, order on Target.com, purchase a product in a Target store or create a gift registry).
Automated Information Collection
We may connect information collected automatically with information we already have about you in order to identify you as a Target Guest. If we are able to identify you as a Target Guest we may, for example, link your activity on our website to your activity in a Target store or on one of our mobile applications. This allows us to provide you with a personalized experience regardless of how you interact with us – online, in store, mobile, etc.
In order to provide the best Guest experience possible, we also use automated information collection technologies for reporting and analysis purposes. We examine metrics such as how you are shopping on our website, in our stores, and on our mobile applications, the performance of our marketing efforts, and your response to those marketing efforts.
Third-party automated collection
We and our service providers use anonymous identifiers such as cookies and other technologies to collect and store certain types of information (e.g. click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session ID) whenever you interact with us or third-parties that use our services.
We also allow third-party companies (e.g., Google) to place tags on our digital properties once approved through our tagging process. The tags may collect information from your interactions on Target.com. Our Privacy Policy does not cover these third party companies. Please contact these third party companies (e.g., Google) directly for more information about their privacy policy and your choices regarding the tags and the information collected by the tags.
Social Media Widgets
Our sites and mobile applications include social media features, such as the Facebook, Pinterest, and Twitter widgets. These features may collect information about you such as your IP address and which page you are visiting on our site. They may set a cookie or employ other tracking technologies to accomplish this. Social media features and widgets may be hosted by a third party. Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
Mobile Location Information
If you use a mobile device, your device may share location information (when you enable location services) with our websites, mobile applications, services or our service providers. For example, precise geo-location can be used to help you find nearby Target stores. Or, in-store location through the use of your phone’s blue tooth signal, LED light chip technologies or other technologies will permit Target to find nearby products for you, get you real-time deals, auto-sort your shopping list and more.
To manage how you share your device’s location settings, go to the Choices section of this privacy policy.
Cameras
We use cameras in and around our stores for operational purposes such as measuring traffic patterns and tracking in-stock levels. Cameras may also be used for fraud detection, theft prevention and security. When enabled, we may also use your device’s camera (e.g. Apple’s TrueDepth camera) so you can use services such as product visualization (e.g., scan room to see item in your space) or virtual fitting (e.g., scan facial data to try on accessories/beauty products). Information collected from the TrueDepth camera is used in real time - we do not store this information on our servers or share it with third parties.
Information from other sources
We collect information about you from other sources to enhance our existing Guest information and improve the accuracy of our records. This improves our ability to contact you and increases the relevance of our marketing.
How Is Your Information Used?
 
Information we collect is used for a variety of purposes, including activities such as: processing transactions, helping our Guest relations representatives resolve issues, identifying fraud and improving our services. In addition, information we collect improves your experience by delivering more personalized interactions and advertising in digital (e.g. Target.com) and social media (e.g., Facebook, Pinterest), as well as Video platforms.
We also use information we collect for reporting and analysis purposes. We examine metrics such as how you are shopping on our website, in our stores and on our mobile applications, the performance of our marketing efforts and your response to those marketing efforts.
Our Purposes (including but not limited to marketing)
Deliver coupons, mobile offers newsletters, in-store receipt messages, emails, mobile messages, targeted advertising and social media notifications
Provide interactive features of the website or mobile applications, such as product reviews or Weekly Ad, send marketing communications and other information regarding products, services and promotions
Administer promotions, surveys, and focus groups
Cross-context and cross-device linking
Interest based advertising
Improve Guest experiences
Conduct research and analysis
Perform other business activities as needed, or as described elsewhere in this policy
Product and Service Fulfillment
Fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, and returns/exchanges
Respond to requests for information about our products and services in our stores, on our websites or mobile applications, or to otherwise serve you
Connect with you regarding Guest service via our contact center, Guest service desk, or on social media or internet chat platforms. Chat functionality allows our Guest Relations specialists to see what a Guest is typing before hitting the send button. This allows for quicker response time as our specialists anticipate questions.
Provide services such as Gift Registry or a shopping list
Manage subscription services, including order management, billing, improving reorder experiences, communicate with you about your subscription, and offer other products and services that may be of interest to you
Fulfill benefits associated with use of our services, such as delivery of Welcome kits, to award and redeem points through our loyalty programs, etc.
Administer sweepstakes and contests
Conduct a transaction where we collect information required by law (for example, pseudoephedrine or age-restricted purchases)
Allow you to, using our mobile applications: find a store nearest to your location, show you a map of the store (if available), use our drive up (where available) capabilities, add and redeem offers, search for products and check availability, check prices, provide product ratings and reviews, track your orders, scan a UPC barcode or QR code, use voice recognition to add to your list, update information, etc.
Cross-Context
We merge data collected from our own websites and mobile apps. Examples of the data collected include: cookie IDs, device Advertising IDs (such as Apple and Google’s Advertising Identifiers); transaction and browsing history; your interaction with our online and mobile advertisements, including advertisements we serve within our emails and advertisements that we serve on behalf of third parties through Roundel, Target’s in-house media company; information about ads we serve, such as which ad was served, your interactions with the ads, and the URLs where the ads are served from marketing partners such as Google.
Target does not link or track user or device data collected from Target Apps running on Apple iOS version 14.5 or higher with user or device data collected from other companies’ apps, websites or offline properties for targeted advertising or measurement purposes. Target also does not share this information with data brokers.
Cross-Device Linking
We may also link your various devices so that content you see on one device can result in relevant experience on another device.   This allows us to deliver more personalized and consistent advertising to you (for example, if you purchase a product on our website using your desktop, we are able to avoid showing you an advertisement on the same product on your mobile phone; if you add an item to your cart on Target.com through your mobile device, but leave Target.com without purchasing the item, we are able to show you that item in your cart on another device).
Interest Based Advertising
Target participates in interest-based advertising (IBA), also known as Online Behavioral Advertising. We use third-party advertising companies to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as ad delivery, reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research.
We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our websites or use our mobile applications. This information is used to serve ads for Target products or services or for the products or services of other companies when you visit this website or other websites.  These companies use non-identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session ID) and personally identifiable information (e.g., static IP address) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These parties typically use a cookie, web beacon or other similar tracking technologies to collect this information. Target adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) self-regulatory principles for IBA.
User Experience Information
In order to improve Guest online and mobile shopping experiences, help with fraud identification, and assist our Guest relations representatives in resolving issues Guests may experience in completing online purchases, we use tools to monitor certain user experience information; including login information, IP address, data regarding pages visited and ads clicked, specific actions taken on pages visited (e.g., information entered during checkout process), browser and device information.
Social Media
Target engages with Guests on multiple social media platforms (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, and Pinterest). If you contact us on one of our social media platforms, request Guest service via social media, or otherwise direct us to communicate with you via social media, we may contact you via direct message or use other social media tools to interact with you. In these instances, your interactions with us are governed by this privacy policy as well as the privacy policy of the social media platform you use.
Social Media Ads
We may display targeted ads to you through social media platforms.  These ads are sent to groups of people who share traits such as likely commercial interests and demographics.  For example, we may target Guests who have expressed an interest in shopping for groceries, cosmetics, clothing, etc.  See the policies of each social media platform for additional information about these types of ads.
Prevention of Fraud and Other Harm
Prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft and otherwise protect our Guests and our business (e.g., product recalls)
Legal Compliance
For example, assist law enforcement and respond to legal/regulatory inquiries
How is Your Information Shared?
Target Subsidiaries and Affiliates
We share the information we collect within Target Corporation, which includes all Target subsidiaries and affiliates. Target Corporation may use the information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you.
Target Corporation owns and operates Target stores, websites, mobile applications, and issues the Target Debit Card. Target Corporation subsidiaries and affiliates include, but are not limited to: Dermstore LLC, and Shipt, Inc.
Card Issuing Bank
We may share the information we collect with our banking partner, TD Bank USA N.A., which issues the Target MasterCard and Target Credit Card.
Service Providers
We may share the information we collect with companies that provide support services to us (such as printers, e-mail providers, mobile marketing services, analytics providers, web hosting providers, call center/chat providers, sweepstakes vendors, payment processors, coupon delivery vendors, data enhancement services, fraud prevention providers or shipping services providers, including product vendors) or that help us market our products and services. These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. We limit information shared with service providers to what is necessary to fulfill the services.
Registries and Shopping Lists
If you create a gift registry or shopping list, your information will be accessible on our website, mobile or social applications, on partner registries, and on kiosks in stores. If you purchase an item from a registry or shopping list, information such as your billing name and address will be made available to the owner(s).
Other Businesses Products and Services
We allow other businesses to make their products or services available to our Guests (e.g. Target Plus Partners). You may purchase products or services from these other businesses through our website or mobile service. When you purchase such products or services we will share personal information related to your purchase with those businesses. Information received by those businesses in connection with a Target Plus purchase will be subject to the Target Plus Partner’s privacy policy.
Legal Requirements
We may disclose information we collect when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements; to facilitate the financing, securitization, insuring, sale, assignment, bankruptcy, or disposal of all or part of our business or assets; or to protect the rights property or safety of our company, our Guests or others.
Elsewhere at Your Direction
At your direction or request, or when you otherwise consent, we may share your information.
Sharing Non-identifiable or Aggregate Information with Third Parties
We may share non-identifiable or aggregate information with third parties for lawful purposes.
Business Transfers
In connection with the sale or transfer of some or all of our business assets, we may transfer the corresponding information regarding our Guests. We also may retain a copy of that Guest information.
What Choices Do You Have?
Postal Mail
If you do not wish to receive catalogs, coupons, and other promotional postal mail, call the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 to opt-out.
Telephone
If you do not wish to receive promotional telephone calls, call the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 to opt-out.
E-mail
If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us, call the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 to opt-out. You also have the ability to unsubscribe from promotional e-mails via the unsubscribe link included in each promotional e-mail. You may continue to receive program-specific marketing emails through a program such as, but not limited to, A Bullseye View, or Target Photo. You can unsubscribe from program-specific emails via the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of those program-specific emails. This opt-out does not apply to operational emails (e.g., surveys).
Text Messages
We may send text messages you have consented to receive. You can cancel text messages at any time by texting "STOP". After you send "STOP", we may send you an additional text message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. You will no longer receive text messages from that short code, but you may receive text messages if you are subscribed to other text lists. If at any time you have questions about the text messages, text "HELP". After you send "HELP" we will respond with instructions on how to use our service as well as how to unsubscribe. Message and data rates may apply.
Push Notifications
You may opt-out from allowing Target to send you push notifications by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device. You may also choose which types of push notifications to receive by adjusting the permissions within your Target mobile application. This opt choice does not apply to in app notifications.
Geo-Location and In-Store Location
You may prevent your mobile device from sharing your location data by adjusting the permissions on your mobile device or within the relevant app.
Target Circle
If you no longer wish to be a Target Circle member, you can opt out of Target Circle here.
If you opt out of Target Circle, any accumulated Target Circle Earnings rewards and Community Giving Program votes will be deleted and you may not have access to other Target Circle benefits. If you later re-join Target Circle, any deleted Target Circle Earnings rewards or Community Giving Program votes will not be reinstated.
Uninstall a Target Mobile Application
You can stop all further collection of information by a Target mobile application by uninstalling the Target mobile application. You may use the standard uninstall process available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Note: If you uninstall the mobile application from your device, the Target unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the application on the same device, Target will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.
Cookies, Tracking, and Interest-Based Advertising
The help function of your browser should contain instructions on how to set your device to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued or to not receive cookies at any time. If you set your device to not receive cookies at any time, certain personalized services cannot be provided to you, and accordingly, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of our features.
To opt-out of the vendors we use for cross-device linking, go to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Choices page at www.aboutads.info/choices and perform a global opt-out on each browser and device that you would like to be opted out on. Opting out in this manner means that the browser on the device from which you opt-out will no longer receive information collected on devices linked to it, that devices linked to it will not receive information collected from the opted-out device, and that the vendor will not transfer information collected from the opted-out device to a third party. Please note that this will not opt you out of cross-device linking or advertising across linked devices based solely on your visits to Target websites or apps, or your interaction with advertisements for Target delivered by Target.
To opt-out of our interest-based advertising for Target’s goods and services or those of another party, online and in third-party mobile applications, visit Digital Advertising Alliance’s Choices page at here and perform a global opt-out. Options you select are browser and device specific.
To learn more about Interest-Based Advertising, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website and the Digital Advertising Alliance website. The opt-out tool described above is Cookie-based.  Therefore, the opt-out will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies, and it may not function where cookies are automatically disabled or removed. If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you will need to opt-out again.
Do Not Track
Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. At this time, we do not respond to browser “do not track” signals, but we do provide you the option to opt-out of interest based advertising (see above for opt-out information).
Other Web Site Analytics Services
Analytics services such as Site Catalyst by Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics and Crazy Egg provide services that analyze information regarding visits to our websites and mobile applications. They use cookies, web beacons, recorded interactions and other tracking mechanisms to collect this information.
To learn about Adobe Analytics privacy practices or to opt-out of cookies set to facilitate reporting, click here.
To learn more about Google’s privacy practices, click here. To access and use the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, click here.
To learn more about Crazy Egg’s privacy practices, click here. To opt-out of Crazy Egg, click here..
California Residents
California Consumer Privacy Act
If you are a California resident, the information below also applies to you. Certain terms used in this section have the meanings given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
Categories of Personal Information Target has collected from or about its Guests in the preceding 12 months
Identifiers (e.g. name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number)
Characteristics of protected classifications (e.g. gender, age)
Commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased, purchase history)
Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browse or search history)
Geolocation data (e.g. latitude or longitude)
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information (e.g. recording of Guest service calls)
Inferences drawn from any of the above (e.g. preferences or characteristics)
Categories of Sources from which Target has Collected Personal Information about Guests (for more information, see the How is Your Information Collected section of this privacy policy).
Consumer Directly (e.g. REDcard Application, Target Stores, Target.com, Mobile, Guest Relations)
Advertising Networks (e.g. Google)
Data analytics providers (e.g. data brokers)
Government Entities (e.g. IRS)
Social networks (e.g. Twitter, Facebook)
Target subsidiaries (e.g. Dermstore, Shipt)
Business or Commercial Purposes for Which Target has Collected or Sold Personal Information about Guests in the Preceding 12 Months (for more information, see the How is Your Information Used section of this privacy policy).
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services;
Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance;
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; and
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us.
Categories of Personal Information Target has Sold about Guests and Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information was sold in the Preceding 12 Months
Categories of Personal Information Sold
Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. “cookies” or other tracking tags)
Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information was Sold
Advertising Networks
Target does not knowingly sell the Personal Information of Minors Under the age of 16.
Categories of Personal Information Target has Disclosed for a Business Purpose and Categories of Third Parties to whom Personal Information has disclosed for a Business Purpose in the Preceding 12 Months
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose
Identifiers (e.g. name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number)
Characteristics of protected classifications (e.g. gender, age)
Commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased, purchase history)
Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browse or search history)
 
Categories of third parties to whom Personal Information has been disclosed for a business purpose
Advertising Networks (e.g. Google)
Customer Service (e.g. faxed image)
Data Analytics Providers (e.g. data brokers)
Legal & Risk (e.g. claims)
Order Fulfillment (e.g. Target Plus Sellers, carrier services)
Technology (e.g. website accessibility)
Non-Discrimination
Target will not discriminate against you because you exercise your rights. For example, Target will not deny you goods or services or charge you a different price or rate for goods or services if you make an access, deletion, or do not sell request.
Financial Incentive Program
Target Circle is a voluntary loyalty program. By joining Target Circle, you receive:
1% Earnings: You earn 1%* when you shop to redeem at Target later or continue saving 5%** with your REDcard. You cannot receive the REDcard 5% instant savings and earn the Target Circle 1% in the same transaction.
Hundreds of Deals: You get access to deals, plus offers just for you.
Birthday Gift: You receive 5% off a shopping trip. Restrictions apply.
Community Support: You help direct where Target gives in your community.
*Terms and restrictions apply to the 1% reward. Visit circle.target.com for details.
**Some restrictions apply. Program rules are available in store or at target.com/REDcard/about.
Under the CCPA, Target Circle is considered a Financial Incentive Program. In order to provide you with the incentives described above, we use personal information about you including your name, phone number, email address, purchase history, birthdate, etc. to identify you as a member of the program and provide you with relevant messaging, experiences and deals. These financial incentives are reasonably related to the value of the data you provide.
We incur a variety of expenses related to the Target Circle program. We make this investment in order to offer a more personalized and relevant Guest experience. Expense associated with the program include the 1% earnings when you shopped at Target, 5% off discount on a shopping trip when you provide your birthday, and access to deals only available to Circle members. The expense associated with the program incentives will vary as it is dependent on your engagement with the loyalty program, including total annual spend at Target and frequency and depth of discounts you choose to use.
Categories of Personal Information implicated by Target Circle
Identifiers (e.g. name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number)
Characteristics of protected classifications (e.g. gender, age)
Commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased, purchase history)
Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browse or search history)
Geolocation data (e.g. latitude or longitude)
Inferences drawn from any of the above (e.g. preferences or characteristics)
To become a Target Circle member, you can choose to opt in and become a Target Circle member by asking a Team Member at a Target store, or by visiting Target.com/Circle
If you no longer wish to be a Target Circle member, you can opt out of Target Circle here.
If you opt out of Target Circle, any accumulated Target Circle Earnings rewards and Community Giving Program votes will be deleted and you may not have access to other Target Circle benefits. If you later re-join Target Circle, any deleted Target Circle Earnings rewards or Community Giving Program votes will not be reinstated.
For information on the Target Circle Terms & Conditions, click here.
You have the following rights under the CCPA –
Right to request Target disclose Personal Information, or Categories of Personal Information, it collects, uses, discloses, and sells
Right to request Target delete Personal Information we have collected from you
Right to request Target opt you out of the sale of your Personal Information
Process Used to Verify an Access and/or Deletion Request
If you are a Target Guest, you will be required to submit 4 pieces of information including your name, address, email, and phone number. Target will use this information to search our systems and determine if we have information about you. If we are able to locate information about you, we will fulfill your Access and/or your Deletion request. If we are not able to match all 4 pieces of information you submit, we may provide you with a report that includes the categories of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell.
If you have a Target.com account, your Access report will be placed in your account once it is ready. You will need to sign into your account to view your report.
If you do not have a Target.com account, you will receive two emails when your Access report is ready. These emails will be sent to the email address you provided at the time you submitted your request. One email will contain a link to your report and a second email will contain a password needed to access the report.
If you are an Authorized Agent, you will be required to submit your name, address, email, and phone number as well as the name, address, email and phone number of the Guest you are making a request on behalf of. Target will use the Guest’s information to search our systems and determine if we have information about the Guest. If we are able to locate information about the Guest we will fulfill the Access and/or Deletion request. As an Authorized Agent you will also be required to complete a form certifying you have the right to make this request on behalf of the guest.
How to Submit a Verifiable Request (Requests can be made no more than twice in a 12-month period)
You can submit a request using the methods listed below
Access Requests: Contact the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 or click this link.
Deletion Requests: Contact the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 or click this link.
Do Not Sell My Info Requests: Click this link.
California Shine the Light
If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year. To request a notice, please submit your request to Target Corporation, Attn: California Shine the Light Inquiry, P.O. Box 9350 Minneapolis, MN 55440. Please allow 30 days for a response.
If you are a California resident under 18 years old and a registered user, you can request that we remove content or information that you have posted to our website or other online services. Note that fulfilment of the request may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal (e.g., if the content or information has been reposted by another user). To request removal of content or information, please call the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880.
Nevada Residents
 
Nevada law gives Nevada consumers the right to request that a company not sell their personal information for monetary consideration to certain other parties.  This right applies even if their personal information is not currently being sold.  If you are a Nevada consumer and wish to exercise this right, please submit your request by filling out the form after clicking on this link.
How Do You Access and Update Your Personal Information?
 
In order to keep your personal information accurate and complete, you can access or update some of it in the following ways:
If you have created a Target.com account, you can log in to review and update your account information, including contact, billing, and shipping information.
Call the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880 with your current contact information and the personal information you would like to access. We will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available, or will describe the types of personal information we typically collect.
How is Your Personal Information Protected?
 
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your personal information. When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a credit or debit card number, we use industry standard methods to protect that information. However, no e-commerce solution, website, mobile application, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof.” You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse.
We recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved. We do not knowingly collect personal information online from children under the age of 13. If a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information online, we ask that a parent or guardian call the privacy information line at 1-800-831-6880.
How Do You Contact Target?
Mail:
Target Stores
Target Executive Offices
PO Box 9350
Minneapolis, MN 55440
Privacy Information Line:
1-800-831-6880
Target Privacy Policy Scope
 
This privacy policy applies to all current or former Guest personal information, except for information collected by or provided in connection with:
A Target Debit Card. See the Target Debit Card Privacy Policy.
A Target MasterCard or a Target Credit Card. See the Target Credit Card Privacy Policy. Note, contact information you provide on a Target Credit Card application is provided to both TD Bank USA N.A. and to Target and its affiliates.
-Use of Target’s Wireless Service. See the Target Wireless Terms of Use.
Completing an application for employment with Target.
Our website may offer links to other sites. If you visit one of these sites, you may want to review the privacy policy on that site. In addition, you may have visited our website through a link or a banner advertisement on another site. In such cases, the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link. You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information.
Last update: 4/9/2021
Updated Information Collected
Added Demographics and Physical Characteristics
Information Used Section
Cross Context: added information regarding Apple IOS 14.5 policy changes

