( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://www.retailmenot.com/static/privacy/ )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used:
https://www.retailmenot.com/privacy/right-to-know
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/HTML/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679&from=EN
https://help.retailmenot.com/s/
http://www.ziffdavis.com/
http://www.ign.com/
http://ca.ign.com/
http://uk.ign.com/
http://au.ign.com/
http://www.askmen.com/
http://ca.askmen.com/
http://uk.askmen.com/
http://au.askmen.com/
http://www.pcmag.com/
http://uk.pcmag.com/
http://au.pcmag.com/
http://www.geek.com/
http://www.extremetech.com/
http://www.techbargains.com/
http://www.mashable.com/
http://www.offers.com/
http://www.creditcardsexplained.com/
http://www.tippit.com/
http://www.couponcodes.com/
http://www.blackfriday.com/
http://www.bestblackfriday.com/
http://www.ookla.com/
http://www.speedtest.net/
http://www.speedtestcustom.com/
http://www.toolbox.com/
http://www.insidecrm.com/
http://www.inside-erp.com/
http://www.itmanagement.com/
http://www.itsecurity.com/
http://www.voip-news.com/
http://www.emedia.com/
http://www.emedia.co.uk/
http://www.salesify.com/
http://www.b2bsignals.com/
https://revenu8.com/
https://www.martechadvisor.com/
https://www.readitquik.com/
https://www.hrtechnologist.com/
http://www.ziffdavisdata.net/
https://bestgifts.com/
https://dealsofamerica.com/
https://theblackfriday.com/
https://shop.pcmag.com/
https://shop.offers.com/
https://store.ign.com/
http://www.retailmenot.com/
https://help.retailmenot.com/s/
https://www.offers.com/company/contact/
http://www.ziffdavis.com/cookie-policy
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
http://www.ziffdavis.com/cookie-policy
http://www.adobe.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
http://l3.evidon.com/site/660/190/1
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
https://www.retailmenot.com/privacy/right-to-know
https://help.retailmenot.com/s/contactsupport
http://www.apec.org/Groups/Committee-on-Trade-and-Investment/~/media/Files/Groups/ECSG/CBPR/CBPR-PoliciesRulesGuidelines.ashx
https://help.retailmenot.com/s/contactsupport
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6336286?hl=en
http://www.d1.sc.omtrdc.net/optout.html?omniture=1&popup=1&locale=en_US&second=1&second_has_cookie=0
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
http://www.privacyfix.com/start/install
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
http://www.optoutmobile.com/optout/index.html
http://www.bluekai.com/consumers.php#optout
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
http://youradchoices.ca/choices
http://www.aboutads.info/
https://dsar.ziffdavis.com/
http://www.ziffdavis.com/terms-of-use
https://www.retailmenot.com/static/terms/
mailto:privacy@ziffdavis.com
mailto:dpo@ziffdavis.com
https://dsar.ziffdavis.com/
mailto:privacy@ziffdavis.com
mailto:dpo@ziffdavis.com
https://dsar.ziffdavis.com/
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
https://www.retailmenot.com/privacy/right-to-know
https://www.retailmenot.com/privacy/right-to-know
https://www.retailmenot.com/privacy/right-to-know

)

Privacy Policy
Effective January 6, 2021
If you have any questions related to Data Subject Access Rights under GDPR or CCPA, you can contact us here.
Privacy Policy Overview
Summary – Policy Overview
This Policy explains how we may Process your information. This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time, so please check it regularly for updates.
Ziff Davis, LLC, with its affiliates and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Ziff Davis”, “us”, “our” or “we”), owns, operates, or provides access to, several interactive websites, mobile and connected applications, and other online interactive features and services, including, but not limited to, emails, newsletters, chat areas, forums, communities, sweepstakes and contests (collectively “Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected about you by Ziff Davis, regardless of how it is collected or stored, and describes, among other things, the types of information collected about you when you interact with the Services, how your information may be used, when your information may be disclosed, how you can control the use and disclosure of your information, and how your information is protected.
Except as otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy, Ziff Davis is a data controller (as that term is used under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)), which means that we decide how and why the information you provide to us is processed. Please contact us here. This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the Processing of your information, or changes in applicable law. We encourage you to read this Policy carefully, and to regularly check this page to review any changes we might make.
This Privacy Policy covers information collected through the following websites and mobile applications
Ziff Davis
IGN, IGN Canada, IGN UK, IGN Australia
AskMen, AskMen Canada, AskMen UK, AskMen Australia
PCMag, PCMag UK, PCMag Australia
Geek
ExtremeTech
TechBargains
Mashable
Offers.com
Credit Cards Explained
Tippit
CouponCodes.com
Black Friday
Best Black Friday
Ookla, net, Speedtest Custom
Toolbox.com, Inside CRM, Inside-Erp, IT Management, IT Security, VoIP-News
emedia.com, emedia.co.uk
Salesify, B2BSignals
Revenu8, MarTechAdvisor, ReadITQuick, HRTechnologist
Ziff Davis Data
Best Gifts
Deals of America
The Black Friday
PCMag Shop
Offers Shop
IGN Store
RetailMeNot
 
Applications:
IGN: Video Game News, Reviews, Guides
IGN App For PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale
IGN App For Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
IGN App For PlanetSide 2
IGN: Video Game News, Reviews
IGN App For GW2
IGN App For Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn
IGN App For Dead Space 3
TechBargains
PC Magazine
Speedtest
Deals of America
The Black Friday
RetailMeNot
 
What Categories of Information We May Process
Summary – Categories of Information We May Process
We may Process: your personal details (e.g., your name); demographic data (e.g., your age); your contact details (e.g., your address); records of your consents; purchase details; details of your employer (where relevant); information about your interactions with our content or advertising; and any views or opinions you provide to us.
We may also Process information about you from your use of our Services (e.g., the type of device you are using, the internet service provider, etc.), including your interactions with content and advertising on the Services.
“Personal Information” means information that is about any individual, or from which any individual is directly or indirectly identifiable.
“Process”, “Processing” or “Processed” means anything that is done with any Personal Information, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
We may Process the following categories of Personal Information about you:
Personal details: your name; username or log in details; password; areas or topics of interest; and photograph (if you or another user posts a photo on the Service).
Relationship Data: Relationship Data may help us understand who you are and what types of stores, products, and advertisements you might like. This includes lifestyle, preference, and interest information; the types of coupons and coupon websites that interest you; information collected from social media interactions; and demographic information, as set forth below.
Demographic information: gender; age/date of birth; nationality; salutation; job title, company information, education, work experience and other professional information; and language preferences.
Contact details: postal address; telephone and/or mobile number; email address; and your public social media handles or profile(s).
Transaction Information: information on how you interact with the Services, such as the coupons you view and redeem, the gift cards you purchase or sell via our Services, the cash back offers that you claim, including copies of receipts that you submit; financial information about you as needed to administer your participation in our rewards programs, including payment card number, expiration date, and CVN; other information about how you use our Services, email, other communications, and applications; and how you interact with our merchants, business partners, and service providers, including, in some cases, the items you purchase from those merchants.
Consent records: records of any consents you may have given, together with the date and time, means of consent and any related information (e.g., the subject matter of the consent).
Location information: location data that describes the precise geographic location of your device (“Precise Location Data”). This may include your physical location and movements that allows us to periodically determine your geolocation, such as your location relative to nearby merchants or, your presence within a mall or store or your state/province, city, or neighborhood.
Purchase and payment details: records of purchases and prices; invoice records; payment records; billing address; payment method; cardholder or accountholder name; payment amount; and payment date.
Employer details: where you interact with us in your capacity as an employee, the contact information of your employer (including name, address, telephone number and email address) to the extent relevant.
Views and opinions: any views and opinions that you or other users choose to send to us, or publicly post about us on social media platforms or in the Services, including on forums.
We also collect other kinds of information from you or other sources, which we refer to as “Other Information” in this Policy, which may include but is not limited to:
Information about your use of the Services, such as usage data and statistical information, which may be aggregated.
Browsing history including the websites or other services you visited before and after interacting with the Services.
Searches for and interactions with e-commerce opportunities, such as merchants and offers contained in the Services.
Non-precise information about the approximate physical location (for example, at the city or zip code level) of a user’s computer or device derived from the IP address of such computer or device (“GeoIP Data”).
Device identification (“ID”), which is a distinctive number associated with a smartphone or similar handheld device, but is different than a hardware serial number.
Advertising ID, which is a unique, user-resettable identification number for advertising associated with a device (e.g., iOS uses the Identifier for Advertising (or “IDFA”) and Android uses Google Advertising ID).
Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, which is a unique string of numbers automatically assigned to your device whenever you access the Internet.
Access time
Other unique identifier (e.g., Android advertising ID or Apple IDFA), domain name, screen views, language information, device name and model.
Activities on our Services. For example, information collected by our Services via a mobile device may include the following: (i) the names of the other applications on your mobile device and, if you use an Android-based mobile device, how you use them (e.g., frequency and duration of use); (ii) if you use an Android-based mobile device, the URL addresses of the webpages you access; (iii) information about your mobile device (e.g., make, model, operating system, and other similar information, but not phone number); (iv) information about your use of features, functions, or clicks on notifications or content; and (v) the strength of signal, temperature, battery level, and unique identifier of a nearby Bluetooth® proximity beacon. Internet connection means, such as internet service provider (“ISP”), mobile operator, WiFi connection, service set identifier (“SSID”), International Mobile Subscriber Identity (“IMSI”) and International Mobile Equipment Identity (“IMEI”).
Information collected through the use of cookies, eTags, Javascript, pixel tags, device ID tracking, anonymous identifiers and other technologies, including information collected using such methods and technologies about (i) your visits to, and interaction and engagement with, the Services, content and ads on third party websites, applications, platforms and other media channels (“Channels”), and (ii) your interaction with emails including the content and ads therein (collectively, “Online Data”).
Device type, settings and software used.
Log files, which may include IP addresses, browser type, ISP referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps and/or clickstream data, including any clicks on customized links.
Web Beacons, which are electronic files that allow a website to count users who have visited that page or to access certain cookies.
Pixel Tags, also known as clear GIFs, beacons, spotlight tags or web bugs, which are a method for passing information from the user’s computer to a third party website.
Local Shared Objects, such as Flash cookies, and Local Storage, such as HTML5.
Mobile analytics to understand the functionality of our mobile applications and software on your phone.
Under certain circumstances and depending on applicable law, some of this Other Information may constitute Personal Information. Personal Information together with Other Information is hereinafter referred to as “User Information”.
 
Sensitive Personal Information
Summary – Sensitive Personal Information
We do not seek to collect or otherwise Process your Sensitive Personal Information. Where we need to Process your Sensitive Personal Information for a legitimate purpose, we do so in accordance with applicable law. The Services are not intended for use by children.
We do not collect or otherwise Process Personal Information about race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life, any actual or alleged criminal offences or penalties, or any other information that may be deemed to be sensitive under GDPR (collectively, “Sensitive Personal Information”) in the ordinary course of our business. Where it becomes necessary to Process Sensitive Personal Information under GDPR, we would rely on one of the following legal bases:
Compliance with applicable law: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Information where the Processing is required or permitted by applicable law;
Detection and prevention of crime: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Information where the Processing is necessary for the detection or prevention of crime (including the prevention of fraud);
Establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Information where the Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights; or
Consent: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Information where we have, in accordance with applicable law, obtained your prior, express consent prior to Processing your Sensitive Personal Information.
Children. The Services are not intended for use by children, especially those under 13. No one under the age of 13 should provide any Personal Information or use our public discussion areas, forums or chats. Minors under the age of 18 are not permitted, without explicit parental consent, to make purchases through the Services or obtaining coupons or codes from the Services to purchase goods or services on third party websites. If, notwithstanding these prohibitions, your children disclose information about themselves in our public discussion areas, consequences may occur that are not intended for children (for example, they may receive unsolicited messages from other parties). If it is discovered that we have collected Personal Information from someone under 13, we will delete that information immediately.
 
How We Collect or Create Information
Summary – Collection and Creation of Information
We may collect or obtain User Information about you: directly from you (e.g., where you contact us); in the course of our relationship with you (e.g., if you make a purchase); when you make your Personal Information public (e.g., if you make a public post about us on social media); when you download, install, or use any of our Services; when you visit our Services; when you register to use any part of the Services; or when you interact with any third party content or advertising on the Services. We may also receive User Information about you from third parties (e.g., social network sites). We may also create User Information about you, such as records of your interactions with us. Ziff Davis is not responsible for Personal Information you volunteer about yourself in public areas of the Services. This Policy does not cover the practices of third parties who may provide information about you to Ziff Davis.
Collection of User Information: We may collect User Information about you from the following sources:
Data you provide: We may obtain your Personal Information when you provide it to us across our Services (e.g., where you sign up for emails, newsletters, bulletins, webinars or white papers; register for site membership or create a profile or account on any part of the Services; enter a sweepstakes, contest, competition or prize draw; receive promotional information by SMS text message; participate in surveys; perform search queries through the Services; contact us via email, telephone or by any other means; purchase a subscription, software license or product; or when you provide us with your business card, etc.). For example, we may track the coupons you view, submit or redeem via a desktop computer, the gift cards that you purchase from us via your mobile device, and the comments you make to the forums, bulletin boards, discussion groups, chat rooms or other methods of communication that may be offered on or through the Services from time to time.
Relationship Data: We may collect or obtain your Personal Information in the ordinary course of our relationship with you (e.g., if you purchase a service from us).
Data you make public: We may collect or obtain your Personal Information that you clearly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g., we may collect information from your social media profile(s) if you make a public post about us) or through our chats, forums or communities on the Services. Our Services contain communities and other areas where you may be able to publicly post information, communicate with others (such as via discussion boards or blogs), review coupons, products and merchants, and submit media content. For example, if you post your email address along with a comment explaining how to redeem a particular coupon, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. We are not able to control the use by third parties of Personal Information you post to public areas of the Services. Please avoid publicly posting Personal Information.
Service data: We may collect or obtain your Personal Information when you visit, download, use or register to use any part of our Service.
Content and advertising information: If you choose to interact with any third party content or advertising on the Services or Channels, we may receive User Information about you from the relevant third party.
Third party information: We may collect or obtain your Personal Information from third parties who provide it to us. This may include offline channels such as through telephone or direct mail efforts; from customers, vendors, suppliers, third parties, commercially available or publicly-available sources (e.g., data brokers, data aggregators, public databases, etc.); third party affiliate network operators; referral sources; social network sites or services (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.). If you use a third party connection or log-in (e.g., Facebook Connect, Twitter, or Google+) to access the Services, create a membership or profile on any part of the Services, access our content or forward our content to another person, platform or service, we may also receive your username or email address for those third party services or other information available about you or collected from you on those services. If you use one of our browser extensions, we may track whether you interact with certain merchants and coupon websites, as well as information relating to those interactions such as when and how frequently you interact.
Please note that Ziff Davis is not responsible for the information you volunteer about yourself in the discussions in certain public areas of the Services, such as forums, blogs, wikis, chat rooms, private messages, message boards or other publicly accessible interaction, or information that you choose to make public in your member profile or other areas of the Services that allow users to upload or post content. We discourage users from posting such Personal Information in this fashion. You can change your publicly available information at any time via your profile page. To request removal of your Personal Information from these areas, please contact us here. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information, in which case we will let you know we are unable to do so and why.
This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of third parties, including those that may disclose information to Ziff Davis.
Creation of User Information. We may also create User Information about you, such as records of your interactions with us and details of your purchase history, for internal administrative purposes and analysis. We may also combine data you have provided to us with data obtained from third parties such as social networks and other data collection entities.
Mobile Device Information: If you use the Services on a mobile device and your mobile device's settings allow it, we may collect Personal Information from your mobile device. For example, if you have permitted your mobile device to transmit Location Data, we may collect your geolocation and time of day. In addition, if you have also enabled Bluetooth® functionality on your mobile device, our Services may determine your presence and duration within a location, such as a mall or store, based on the detection of signals from nearby Bluetooth® proximity beacons. Our application may be designed to collect information even if you are not logged into one of the Services. In some cases, for example, we may use your IP address to estimate your general location even if you have not logged in or enabled location tracking on your mobile device.
 
Purposes for Which We May Process Your Information
Summary – Purposes for Which We May Process Your Information
We may Process User Information for the following purposes: providing the Services to you; communicating with you; providing advertising to you on the Services and Channels; analyzing engagement with our audience; observing user engagement and purchase activity across the Service and Channels; offering business-to-business lead generation services; marketing our services and offerings to current and prospective customers; managing our IT systems; financial management; conducting surveys; ensuring the security of our systems; conducting investigations where necessary; compliance with applicable law; and improving our Services.
The purposes for which we may Process User Information, subject to applicable law, include:
Provision of the Services to You: providing the Services to you from Ziff Davis or its partners including (i) offering of contests, administering surveys, sweepstakes, or other promotional activities or events sponsored by us or our partners, as well as chat areas, forums and communities, (ii) posting of your personal testimonial alongside other endorsements, (iii) display of your personal reviews of products or services, (iv) allowing you to search for other website members using information you may already know about that member such as username, full name or gamer profile and identify users matching that criteria, (v) management of your account, and (vi) customer support and relationship management. Additionally, we may carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.
Offering and Improving the Services: operating and managing the Services for you; providing personalized content to you; communicating and interacting with you via the Services; identifying issues with the Services and planning improvements to or creating new Services; and notifying you of changes to any of our Services.
Surveys: engaging with you for the purposes of obtaining your views on our Services.
Communications: communicating with you via any means (including via email, telephone, text message, social media, post or in person) regarding news items and other information in which you may be interested and fulfilling your requests for services, subject to ensuring that such communications are provided to you in compliance with applicable law; maintaining and updating your contact information where appropriate; and obtaining your prior, opt-in consent where required. We may provide direct marketing to you as set out in Section 6 below. More specifically, we also may provide additional information that may be of interest to you about our websites, featured merchants, and business partners, such as news, special offers and coupons, announcements, and marketing materials.
Advertising: providing advertising based on your interests and interactions with the Services and Channels, including using User Information to serve you advertisements on the Services and Channels, as well as licensing segments of User Information to third parties. This includes providing users with content and advertisements across their devices for products and services from merchants, including coupons based on variables such as stated and anticipated user interests, personal characteristics, and location. Additionally, this includes providing advertisements to you through the Services, third-party sites, email messages, text messages, mobile-push notifications, or other methods of communication. For further information, please see Section 7 below.
Audience Engagement: identification and development of audience engagement, advertising and promotional strategies on various platforms and channels, both within the Service and on Channels.
User Engagement and Purchases: tracking purchase traffic and activity across the Service and on Channels, including review of your browsing history (if available); provision of analytics and measurement of cost of traffic against money being made.
Commerce Offerings: using cookies to track your browsing history and the amount of money spent at a particular third party merchant’s site to offer coupons and other offers that are relevant to your shopping experience; offering of coupons via SMS messages if a mobile phone number is provided. This includes evaluating eligibility of users for certain coupons, products, or services; evaluating the types of coupons, products, or services that may be of interest to users; and tracking redemption of coupons and performing other analytics.
Lead Generation: business-to-business lead generation in the provision of leads to customers to improve customer’s target marketing campaigns and services through different strategies. This includes generating leads through phone calls and email newsletter marketing to drive you to content, such as white papers and webinars, offered by Ziff Davis B2B, Salesify, DemandShore, Technology Signals, MarTech Advisor, and HRTechnologist whereupon your contact information will be shared with our customer.
B2BSignals Offering: providing a software product that offers customers to filter through a database of contacts by revenue, employee size, functional roles and more, that allows customers to find the right business-to-business leads to improve their marketing campaigns and services.
Marketing to Customers: We may market to current and prospective customers and their employees who have indicated an interest in doing business with, or have previously conducted business with, Ziff Davis in order to further generate and promote our business. Such efforts include sending marketing emails or conducting phone calls to drive the purchase of advertising, Online Data licensing, lead generation and other business services offered by Ziff Davis.
IT Administration: administration of Ziff Davis’ information technology systems; network and device administration; network and device security; implementing data security and information systems policies; compliance audits in relation to internal policies; identification and mitigation of fraudulent activity; and compliance with legal requirements.
Security: electronic security measures (including monitoring of login records and access details) to help mitigate the risk of and provide the ability to identify and rectify a security incident.
General Management: general management of everyday business needs such as website administration, forum management, analytics, fraud prevention, Terms of Use or to comply with the law. We may also process User Information to send you reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages service bulletins, or marketing.
Financial Management: general business and financial management purposes, including: economic, financial and administrative management; planning and reporting; personnel development; sales; accounting; finance; corporate audit; and compliance with legal requirements
Investigations: detecting, investigating and preventing breaches of policy, and criminal offences, in accordance with applicable law. This includes investigating suspicious activity or violations of our terms or policies and assessing the relative risk that a particular activity (e.g., the purchase or sale of a gift card) that may be unauthorized or fraudulent.
Legal Proceedings: establishing, exercising and defending legal rights.
Legal Compliance: Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to release information concerning any user of Services when we have grounds to believe that the user is in violation of our Terms of Use or other published guidelines or has engaged in (or we have grounds to believe is engaging in) any illegal activity, and to release information in response to court and governmental orders, other requests from government entities, civil subpoenas, discovery requests and otherwise as required by law or regulatory obligations. We also may release information about users when we believe in good faith that such release is in the interest of protecting the rights, property, safety or security of Ziff Davis, any of our users or the public, or to respond to an emergency.
Commercial Notifications: Provide commercial notifications when you arrive at, linger near, or leave places. Infer the location of the places you visit most often, determine your frequency at these locations, and send notifications when you arrive at or leave those places.
User Profiles: Create user profiles that may contain inferences about users such as age range, income range, gender and interests.
On Mobile Devices: If you use the Services on a mobile device and your mobile device's settings allow it, we may collect personal information even if you are not logged into one of the Services. In some cases, for example, we may use your IP address to estimate your location, even if you have not logged in or enabled location tracking on your mobile device. Additionally, we may associate your geolocation information with other personal information. We may also collect inferences drawn from other Personal Informationsuch as your user profiles, preferences and shopping characteristics that helps us to understand who you are and what types of stores, products, and advertisements you might like. This includes lifestyle, preference, and interest information and the types of coupons and coupon websites that interest you, and inferences drawn from other Personal Information. We may also collect commercial information, such as products you’ve purchased, obtained or considered; the coupons you view and redeem; the cash back offers that you claim, including copies of receipts that you submit; other information about how you use our Services, email, other communications, and applications; your purchasing tendencies including how you interact with our merchants, business partners, and service providers, including, in some cases, the items you purchase from those merchants.
 
Direct Marketing
Summary – Direct Marketing
We may Process your User Information to contact you with information regarding services that may be of interest to you. You may unsubscribe for free or opt out of SMS messages at any time.
We may Process your User Information to contact you via email, telephone, direct mail, SMS or other methods of communication to provide you with information regarding the Services that may be of interest to you. We may send information to you regarding the Services, upcoming promotions and other information that may be of interest to you, using the contact details that you have provided to us and always in compliance with applicable law.
You may unsubscribe from our newsletter lists at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email we send. We will not send you any emails from a list you have selected to be unsubscribed from, but we may continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of any other Services you have requested or for additional emails you have signed up for. You may opt out of any telephone marketing by contacting us at the contact details set out in Section 17 below. You may opt out of SMS messages by texting STOP to the received SMS. You can also text HELP for assistance, or contact Customer Service. You will not be charged by us for receiving or sending SMS messages, however, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees that a particular wireless service program will enable you to participate in an SMS program.
 
Cookies, Similar Technologies and Online Behavioral Advertising
Summary – Cookies, Similar Technologies and Online Behavioral Advertising
We may Process your User Information by placing or reading Cookies and similar technologies on the Services and Channels. The information from cookies and related technology is stored in web server logs and also in web cookies kept on your computers or mobile devices, which are then transmitted back to our Services by your computers or mobile devices. These servers are operated and the cookies managed by us, our business partners or our service providers. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy. Certain tracking technologies enable us to assign a unique identifier to you, and relate information about your use of the Services to Other Information about you, including your User Information for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content and advertising. We and our partners also use these technologies to analyze trends; administer the Services; collect and store information such as user settings, anonymous browser identifiers and video viewing history; supplement to our server logs and other methods of traffic and response measurement; track users’ location and movements around the Services; gather demographic information about our user base; and to improve our understanding of traffic on the Services, visitor behavior, and responses to promotional campaigns.
Ziff Davis and/or certain third parties may collect information about you for online behavioral advertising purposes in order for you to receive relevant interest-based advertising on the Services and on other websites, platforms and media channels. We use Online Data as well as other User Information to send you online behavioral ads. Online Data is aggregated with the Other Information and data we collect and/or similar data collected by partners to create groups of users and certain general-interest categories or segments that we have inferred. We use this information to get a more accurate picture of audience interests in order to serve ads we believe are more relevant to your interests.
Ziff Davis and its partners may use cookies and other tracking technologies to analyze trends, administer Services, track users’ movements around the Services and on third party sites, devices and applications, track users’ Transaction Information with a merchant, which may include tracking technology from third-party affiliate-network operators and to gather demographic information about our user base. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on the Services. To manage Flash cookies, please click here. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information, including a more in-depth explanation of what cookies are, the different types of cookies used on the Services, and how to change or delete them.
Tracking technologies on the Services may be deployed by Ziff Davis and/or by our service providers or partners. Certain tracking technologies enable us to assign a unique identifier to you, and relate information about your use of the Services to other information about you, including your User Information. We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times and use such information along with offline and online information obtained from other sources (including from third parties), including, but not limited to, demographic information and updated contact information, for the purposes of learning more about you so we can provide you with relevant content and advertising.
When you receive email messages or newsletters from us, we may use web beacons, customized links, clear GIFs or similar technologies to determine whether the email has been opened and which links you click in order to provide you with more focused email communications or other information, and/or to aggregate that information with other data we collect to use for some or all of the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
We and our partners (including but not limited to e-commerce partners, affiliates, and analytics providers) also may use technologies such as pixel tags, e-tags, IP addresses, Local Shared Objects, Local Storage, Flash cookies and HTML5 to analyze trends; administer the Services; collect and store information such as user settings, anonymous browser identifiers and video viewing history; supplement our server logs and other methods of traffic and response measurement; track users’ location and movements around the Services; gather demographic information about our user base; and to improve our understanding of traffic on the Services, visitor behavior, and responses to promotional campaigns. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these third party companies on an individual and aggregated basis. For example, we may connect information about your IP address to known corporate or User Information and use the associated information related to aggregate content preferences to assist in our efforts to market services to you or the originating corporation(s). Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing Local Storage. To manage Flash Local Shared Objects please click here.
We may use mobile analytics software to collect data and to better understand the functionality of our mobile software, devices and applications on your phone and other devices. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We may link this information to User Information.
Ziff Davis and/or certain third parties may collect information about you for online behavioral advertising (“OBA”) purposes in order for you to receive relevant interest-based advertising on the Services and on other websites, platforms and media channels. OBA is also referred to as interest-based advertising.
Ziff Davis displays ads on both the Services and on the Channels. We may use Online Data as well as other User Information to send you OBA. For example, if you read an article about a particular subject on the Services, we may use cookies from a vendor to later serve you an advertisement for a particular product or service related to the viewed article. These third party vendors may connect information about pages you visit on the Services with information about pages you visit on other Channels and show you advertising based on this combined information. These advertisements may appear when you are visiting a different section of the Services or on another Channel. Likewise, third party vendors may serve you advertisements when you visit the Services based on your interaction with the Services and other Channels.
The specific providers we use for OBA are subject to change. For a list of some of the applicable providers, click here. For information about how to opt out of tracking methods for these entities and others, click here. For more details about OBA and opting out, see Section 15 below.
Online Data is aggregated with the Other Information and data we collect as described in this Privacy Policy and/or similar data collected by partners to create groups of users and certain general-interest categories or segments that we have inferred based on (a) demographic or interest data and GeoIP Data, (b) the pages you view and links you click when viewing an email or using the Services and those of our partners, and/or (c) the search terms you enter when using certain search services. We use this information to get a more accurate picture of audience interests in order to serve ads we believe are more relevant to your interests. We store page views, clicks and search terms used for ad personalization targeting separately from your Personal Information.
What is the Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Information
Summary – Lawful Basis for Processing User Information
We may Process your User Information where: you have given your consent; the Processing is necessary for a contract between you and us; the Processing is required by applicable law; the Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual; or where we have a valid legitimate interest in the Processing.
In Processing your User Information in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy, we may rely on one or more of the following legal bases, depending on the circumstances:
Consent: We may Process your User Information where we have obtained your prior, express consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way);
Contractual necessity: We may Process your User Information where the Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you may enter into with us;
Compliance with applicable law: We may Process your User Information where the Processing is required by applicable law;
Vital interests: We may Process your User Information where the Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual; or
Legitimate interests: We may Process your User Information where we have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing, operating or promoting our business, and that legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms.
As described above, we have identified our lead generation services and how we market our business to our current and prospective customers as having a legitimate interest.
 
What Information We Disclose to Third Parties
Summary – Disclosure of User Information to Third Parties
We may disclose your User Information to: legal and regulatory authorities; our external advisors; parties who Process User Information on our behalf (“Processors”); any party as necessary in connection with legal proceedings; any party as necessary for investigating, detecting or preventing criminal offences; any purchaser of our business; and any third party providers of advertising, plugins or content used on the Services.
We may disclose your User Information to other entities within the Company group, for legitimate business purposes (including operating the Services, and providing services to you), in accordance with applicable law. In addition, we may disclose your User Information to:
legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
outside professional advisors (such as accountants, auditors, or lawyers), subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
third party Processors (such as analytic providers; data centers; etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted below in this Section 9;
any relevant party, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights;
any relevant party for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties, including safeguarding against and the prevention of threats to public security;
any relevant third party acquirer(s), in the event that we sell or transfer all or any relevant portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation);
any relevant third party provider, where our Services use third party advertising, plugins or content. If you choose to interact with any such advertising, plugins or content, information about your activities on the Services and Channels to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests may be shared with the relevant third party provider. If you click or tap on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria;
service providers that provide services for us to assist us in carrying out the purposes described in Section 5 above such as sending emails, push notifications, or SMS messages on our behalf, assessing potential fraud (such as in connection with the purchase or sale of gift cards) and conducting surveys or sweepstakes on our behalf. Our service providers are bound by law or contract to protect Personal Information and are only allowed to use the Personal Information in accordance with the terms of our service agreements with them. In some limited cases, such as for purposes of investigating suspicious activity and assessing the likelihood for fraud, some of our service providers may use the Personal Information that we provide them for the purpose of improving their own services;
merchants, but only to the extent you have redeemed a coupon offered by the merchant, or participated in an offer, contest or other activity sponsored or offered through one of our websites on behalf of the merchant;
business partners or advertisers, as part of an offer, contest, or other activity that is provided by or in conjunction with the Services and in which you have elected to participate. For example, if you are referred to one of our websites from a business partner's website or through an invitation facilitated by or in conjunction with our business partner, we may provide that business partner with validate the referral and to support the terms of the relationship between us and the business partner, which may allow such business partner to contact you directly and to advertise to you.
any sponsors of contests, competitions, sweepstakes and prize draws, or white papers, webcasts or other downloads, the registration data for such events is to be used by us as part of User Information, and may be shared with the sponsor and others, subject to this Policy and the sponsor’s privacy policy. We may also share your information with third party vendors involved in the administration of such events. For contests, competitions, sweepstakes and prize draws, please read the official rules or terms and conditions carefully before you submit your information;
to third parties whose practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy (e.g., third party providers of goods and services, marketing and advertising companies and agencies, content publishers and retailers).
For some of our Services, we may make some information, such as the name of our users, their mailing address, phone number, email address—and in certain circumstances their employer’s name, company size and other industry data—available on a rental or other basis (e.g., sale) to third party providers of goods and services, for example, when such information is provided in connection with webcasts, white papers or other sponsored downloads; and otherwise with your consent. When you use a co-branded service (a service operated with a partner of Ziff Davis), or register or otherwise provide information on a co-branded site, you grant us permission to pass the collected information back to that partner, which may include third party service providers whose services are embedded into and/or appear within the Services;
With respect to surveys, in the event that responses are publicly disclosed, users will be notified at the time they take the survey. Otherwise we will disclose only aggregate information regarding its users’ responses in surveys to other participants in the survey. Where surveys allow users to submit written comments, and where Ziff Davis advises users of the possibility of such disclosure at the time they take the survey, Ziff Davis reserves the right to disclose any information provided by users, provided that no User Information identifying a specific user is disclosed.
Ziff Davis and some of our advertisers may use third party advertising service companies to serve advertisements, for OBA or otherwise, and perform related services when you interact with the Services. Often, these third party advertising companies employ cookies and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of website, app and email advertisements and to create a record of interaction with our content that they use in conjunction with their advertising which appears on other sites or applications, or for reporting website traffic, app use, statistics, advertisement data and/or other activities on the Services. We also engage third party providers to assist with the segmentation of this data.
We may also sell or transfer Online Data to certain third parties such as advertisers who will use this data to serve ads that they believe are relevant to your interests, and who agree to maintain the confidentiality of this information. Some of these third parties may combine the Online Data with their own data about you to form a more detailed picture.
We may engage third party providers to assist with the collection, storage and segmentation of Online Data and the providers are required to maintain the confidentiality of this information. These third party providers may collect User Information from our Services for their own purposes, including but not limited to monitoring fraud around the web.
We may also engage third parties for the purpose of recognizing our users and delivering interest-based content and advertisements to them. We may share your User Information with our partners such as your name, postal address, email, or other identifier. Our partners may also: (i) collect information directly from your device, such as your IP address, device ID, advertising ID, and information about your browser or operating system; (ii) combine User Information about you received from Ziff Davis with information about you from other sites or services; and (iii) place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
If we engage a third-party Processor to Process your User Information, the Processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: (i) only Process the User Information in accordance with our prior written instructions; and (ii) use measures to protect the confidentiality and security of the User Information; together with any additional requirements under applicable law.
The Services contain links to other sites or partners whose information practices may be different from ours. You should consult the privacy policy of these third parties to learn how your privacy is protected.
International Transfers of Information
Summary – International Transfers of Information
We may transfer your Personal Information to recipients in other countries. Ziff Davis participates in the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield, the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield and the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules System. Where we transfer User Information from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to a recipient outside the EEA that is not in an adequate jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of standard contractual clauses.
Because of the international nature of our business, we may need to transfer your User Information within the Ziff Davis group of companies, and to third parties as noted in Section 9 above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy. For this reason, we may transfer your User Information to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements to those that apply in the country in which you are located.
Ziff Davis, LLC and its U.S. subsidiaries IGN Entertainment, Inc., emedia Communications, LLC, Salesify, Inc., Offers.com, LLC and Mashable, Inc. participate in and have certified its compliance with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Ziff Davis is committed to subjecting all Personal Information received from European Union (E.U.) member countries and Switzerland, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List. Ziff Davis is responsible for the processing of Personal Information it receives under the Privacy Shield Framework and subsequent transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Ziff Davis complies with the Privacy Shield principles for all onward transfers of Personal Information from the E.U. and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions. With respect to Personal Information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Ziff Davis is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Ziff Davis may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. If you are a European individual with a privacy related complaint, concern or question about Ziff Davis’ privacy practices, please contact us through here. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, European individuals may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Where we transfer your Personal Information from the EEA to recipients located outside the EEA who are not in a jurisdiction that has been formally designated by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Information, we do so on the basis of standard contractual clauses. You may request a copy of the relevant standard contractual clauses here.
Please note that when you transfer any Personal Information directly to a Company entity established outside the EEA, we are not responsible for that transfer of your Personal Information. We will nevertheless Process your Personal Information, from the point at which we receive the data, in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
Ziff Davis privacy practices described in this Privacy Policy comply with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (“APEC”) Cross Border Privacy Rules System. To learn more about this program, please click here.
Please note that we may use data collected by a third party operator/licensee of localized versions or editions of Services.
 
 
Data Security
Summary – Data Security
We implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your User Information. Please ensure that any Personal Information that you send to us is sent securely.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect your User Information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized access, and other unlawful or unauthorized forms of Processing, in accordance with applicable law. In certain instances we may use Secure Sockets Layer encryption and/or transfer certain User Information in a non-human readable format to provide protection. However, we cannot guarantee there will not be a breach, and we are not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of any third parties.
Because the internet is an open system, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will implement reasonable measures to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us using the internet. Any such transmission is at your own risk and you are responsible for ensuring that any Personal Information that you send to us are sent securely.
Data Accuracy
Summary – Data Accuracy
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your User Information is kept accurate and up-to-date and are erased or rectified if we become aware of inaccuracies.
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your User Information that we Process is accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date, and any of your User Information that we Process that you inform us is inaccurate (having regard to the purposes for which they are Processed) is erased or rectified.
Data Minimization
Summary – Data Minimization
We take every reasonable step to limit the volume of your User Information that we Process to what is necessary.
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your User Information that we Process is limited to the User Information reasonably necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy or as required to provide you services or access to the Services.
Data Retention
Summary – Data Retention
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your User Information is only retained for as long as they are needed. Online Data related to OBA is kept by Ziff Davis for not more than 180 days after which it will expire, subject to certain conditions.
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your User Information is only Processed for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. The criteria for determining the duration for which we will keep your User Information are as follows: we will retain copies of your User Information in a form that permits identification only for as long as is necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy, unless applicable law requires a longer retention period. Unless there is a specific legal requirement for us to keep the information, we plan to retain it for no longer than is necessary to fulfill a legitimate business need.
Except as may be set forth in this Privacy Policy, Online Data related to OBA is retained by Ziff Davis for not more than 180 days after which it shall expire. However, the 180 day period may commence again if the same user subsequently visits or interacts with an ad, email, the Services or a Channel.
What Can I Do to Control My Information?
Summary – What Can I Do to Control My Information?
You can directly take steps to change your preferences for newsletters and online behavioral advertising as outlined in this section.
If you are an EU resident, you may have certain rights including: the right not to provide your Personal Information to us; the right of access to your Personal Information; the right to request rectification of inaccuracies; the right to request the erasure, or restriction of Processing, of your Personal Information; the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Information; the right to have your Personal Information transferred to another controller; the right to withdraw consent; and the right to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities. We may require proof of or need to verify your identity before we can give effect to these rights.
You may directly take steps to change your preferences as follows:
Access to Your Personal Information. Upon request Ziff Davis will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information by logging into your account or contacting us here. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Your Newsletter and Email Subscriptions. You can opt out or unsubscribe to a newsletter or other email list at any time by following the instructions at the end of the newsletters or emails you receive. Please allow five to ten business days for changes to take effect. On some Services, member service-related communications are an integral part of such Services to which you subscribe and you may continue to receive emails as part of that particular portion of the Services unless you cancel your account, even if you opt out of the newsletters or email list. If you have provided more than one email address to us, you may continue to be contacted unless you request to unsubscribe each email address you have provided.
Push Notifications. We send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.
Email Preferences for Services with User Account Systems. You can manage your email preferences by logging into the Services via a desktop computer and navigating to the "Settings" page. You can also manage your subscriptions by following subscription management instructions contained in the commercial messages that we send you. You may choose to subscribe to some types of messages, and may choose to unsubscribe from others. You may also update your subscription preferences from time to time. If you wish to opt out of receiving offers directly from our merchants or business partners, you can follow the opt-out instructions in the emails that they send you.
 
RetailMeNot Opting Out of Tracking. Currently, our Services do not recognize browser do-not-track signals. However, you may manage how your browser handles cookies and related technologies by adjusting its privacy and security settings. Browsers are different, so refer to instructions related to your browser to learn about cookie-related and other privacy and security settings that may be available. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. You can opt-out of being targeted by certain third party advertising companies by visiting the following links: Network Advertising Initiative, Adometry, Omniture, Digital Advertising Alliance, PrivacyChoice, Google Analytics, MobileApp Tracking, and BlueKai.
 
OBA. Ziff Davis is a member of the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) in the U.S., E.U. and Canada and uses third party assurance platforms to comply with the DAA principles. Ziff Davis strives to adhere to the self-regulatory organization principles for the DAA (US), the DAAC (Canada) and the EDAA (EU). Online
ads on the Services using Online Data are delivered with the DAA Ad Marker Icon , which helps users understand how their data is being used and provides choices for users who want more control. This icon is also on each of our web pages and applications where Online Data is collected that will be used for OBA purposes.
The DAA Ad Marker Icon  provides information (and links to other information) on online behavioral ads, who is collecting and using your Online Data, how you can opt out and more. If you would prefer that we not collect Online Data that may be used to help determine which advertisements to serve you, opt out by clicking this icon , which can be found on most of our webpages and mobile applications.
European Union and Switzerland residents should visit the European DAA by clicking here.
Canadian residents should visit the DAA of Canada by clicking here.
S. residents and residents of all other countries or territories not listed above can click herefor the DAA site to learn more about the use of cookies, your opt-out choices, and more.
Cookies and Pixel Tags. You may stop or restrict cookies and pixel tags on your computer or purge cookies from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. However, if you “turn off,” purge, or disable cookies or pixel tags, although you may still use the Services, you may not be able to use all of the features, functions, or services available on the Services.
Location Based Services. You may opt-out of having your Precise Location Data collected by Ziff Davis at any time by editing the appropriate setting on your mobile device (which is usually located in the Settings area of your device).
Mobile Apps. If you access any Services through one of our mobile applications, you may manage how your Personal Information is shared with us. You may adjust the settings on your mobile device to allow or restrict the sharing of Location Data. For example, the "Location" permissions (or "Privacy" >> "Location Services" on iOS-based devices) on your mobile device will allow you to elect whether to never share Location Data with us, to share Location Data only while you are using the application (e.g., to help you find nearby offers), or always share Location Data even while you are not using the application (e.g., alert you of nearby offers when you approach a shopping mall). You may also elect to only disable "Bluetooth" to prevent just the sharing of information collected via nearby Bluetooth ® proximity beacons. Please note that if you elect to not share your Location Data, you may be unable to access some features of our Services that are designed for mobile devices. Also, in the event that you prevent the sharing of Location Data, we may still estimate your general location based on the IP address you use to access our Services. You may also manage how your mobile device handles ad-related tracking technologies by adjusting your mobile device privacy settings. For example, the "Privacy" settings of an iOS device will allow you to "Limit Ad Tracking" and reset your mobile device’s "Advertising Identifier." Please refer to instructions provided by the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your mobile device settings. You may also opt-out of receiving different types of push notifications or alerts by toggling off the "Notifications" options within the "Settings" menu of our mobile applications. This feature is available in the most recent versions of our iOS-based and Android-based applications.
 
RetailMeNot Text-to-Phone Feature. With certain coupon offers available on RetailMeNot websites, you may be presented with an option to send yourself an SMS message containing a link. An example of this feature is shown in the screen shot below. The link will allow you to access from your mobile device the coupon offer you have selected.
 
 
 
 
California Residents. In accordance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act, we may collect Personal Information about your online activities when you use the Services. While we give our users many avenues to opt out of providing Personal Information, we do not respond to Web browsers’ “do not track” signals. California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code Section 1798.83, permits our users who are California residents to periodically request and obtain certain information about any Personal Information disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and wish to make such a request or if you wish for us to refrain from gathering your Personal Information, please submit your request in writing to the contact details set out in Section 17 below.
EU Residents. GDPR provides certain rights for EU residents. You may decline to share certain information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide some of the features and functionality of the Services. These rights include, in accordance with applicable law, the right to object to or request the restriction of processing of your information, and to request access to, rectification, erasure and portability of your own information. Where we process your information on the basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent (noting that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any Processing performed prior to the date on which we receive notice of such withdrawal, and does not prevent the Processing of your Personal Information in reliance upon any other available legal bases). Requests should be submitted by contacting us here. If you are an EU resident and have any unresolved privacy concern, you have the right to contact the appropriate EU Supervisory Authority and lodge a complaint.
 
Terms of Use
Summary – Terms of Use
For all Services, the Ziff Davis Terms of Use will govern.
For more information concerning your use of the Services, please visit our Terms of Use page. Such terms are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy.
We recommend that you review our Terms of Use regularly, in order to review any changes we might make from time to time.
 
 
Contact Details
Summary – Contact Details
You may contact us at the addresses set out below or by emailing privacy@ziffdavis.com
Ziff Davis
Attention: Legal Department
114 Fifth Avenue, 15th Floor
New York, NY 10011
If you are an EU resident, you may contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@ziffdavis.com or submit GDPR related inquiries here.
If you have any comments, questions or concerns about any of the information in this Policy, or any other issues relating to the Processing of User Information carried out by us, or on our behalf, please contact:
Ziff Davis
Attention: Legal Department
114 Fifth Avenue, 15th Floor
New York, NY 10011
privacy@ziffdavis.com
Our Data Protection Officer may be contacted at dpo@ziffdavis.com. For GDPR related inquiries, please contact us here.
If you have an unresolved concern regarding your privacy or our use of data that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) by clicking here.
 
California Consumers
Summary – California Consumers
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA) provides certain rights for California consumers.  If you are a consumer residing in California, the following additional terms apply to you.
Right to Know About Information Collected, Disclosed or Sold
You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell. To submit a verifiable request, please Contact Us.
If you have an account with us, we will verify the request by confirming the email address used to make the request is the same as the email address on file for the account.  If you do not have an account with us, we will verify the request by sending an email to the email address used to make the request. We may ask for additional information reasonably related to the request to verify the request.
Collection of Personal Information
The categories of California consumers’ Personal Information we may collect are listed above in Section 2 (“What Categories of Information We Process”).  In reference to Section 2, we may collect Personal Details, Demographic Information, Contact Details, Consent Records, Location Information, Purchase and Payment Details, Employer Details, Views and Opinions.  We also collect other kinds of information from you or other sources, which we refer to as “Other Information” in this Policy. As detailed in Section 2, this may include, but is not limited to, information about your use of, visits to and interaction and engagement with the Services, content and ads on Channels, all of which may be aggregated; browsing history; and searches for and interactions with e-commerce opportunities, such as merchants and offers contained in the Services.
We may collect California consumers’ Personal Information from the sources listed in Section 4 (“How We Collect User Information”). As defined in Section 4, this may be: Data You Provide; Relationship Data; Data You Make Public; Service Data; Content and Advertising Information; Third Party Information; We may obtain personal information from the following sources as defined in Section 2 (“What Categories of Information We Process”): GeoIP Data; ID; IDFA; IP address; ISP; SSID; IMSI; IMEI; Log files; Web Beacons; Pixel Tags; Local Shared Objects, such as Flash cookies, and Local Storage, such as HTML5, and equivalents. We may also collect categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) such as your name, address, telephone number, financial information about you as needed to administer your participation in our programs, including payment card number, expiration date, and CVN.
We use this data for the purposes listed above in Section 5 (“Purposes for which we may Process your Personal Information”) or for Direct Marketing as outlined in Section 6 (“Direct Marketing”).
Disclosure or Sale of Personal Information
We may and may have disclosed or sold the categories of Personal Information listed in Section 9 (“What Information We Disclose to Third Parties”) for a business or commercial purpose.
We may and may have disclosed Personal Information to the following categories of third parties for a business purpose:
other entities within the Company group for a legitimate business purpose such as operating the Services and providing the Services to you;
third party Processors for the purpose of providing the Services to you;
third party providers where our Services use third party advertising, plugins or content;
third party providers to assist with the collection, storage and segmentation of Online Data.  These third party providers may collect User Information from our Services for their own purposes, including but not limited to, monitoring fraud around the web;
third parties for the purpose of recognizing our users and delivering interest-based content and advertisements to them. We may share your User Information with our partners such as your name, postal address, email, or other identifier. Our partners may also: (i) collect information directly from your device, such as your IP address, device ID, advertising ID, and information about your browser or operating system; (ii) combine User Information about you received from Ziff Davis with information about you from other sites or services; and (iii) place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser; and
third party vendors involved in the administration of contests, competitions, sweepstakes, prize draws, or webcasts.
We may have disclosed or sold Personal Information to the following categories of third parties for a business purpose or a commercial purpose:
third party providers where our Services use third party advertising, plugins or content. If you choose to interact with any such advertising, plugins or content, information about your activities on the Services and Channels to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests may be shared with the relevant third party provider. If you click or tap on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria;
third parties for the purpose of recognizing our users and delivering interest-based content and advertisements to them. We may share your User Information with our partners such as your name, postal address, email, or other identifier. Our partners may also: (i) collect information directly from your device, such as your IP address, device ID, advertising ID, and information about your browser or operating system; (ii) combine User Information about you received from Ziff Davis with information about you from other sites or services; and (iii) place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser;
third parties such as advertisers who will use Online Data to serve ads that they believe are relevant to your interests, and who agree to maintain the confidentiality of this information. Some of these third parties may combine the Online Data with their own data about you to form a more detailed picture;
third party partners such as marketing and advertising companies and agencies, content publishers, retailers, third party providers of goods and services; or service providers whose services are embedded into and/or appear within the Services when you use a co-branded service (a service operated with a partner of Ziff Davis), or register or otherwise provide information on such co-branded site. This information is only passed on if and when you grant us permission to pass the collected information back to that third party;
Any sponsors of contests, competitions, sweepstakes and prize draws, or white papers, webcasts or other downloads, the registration data for such events is to be used by us as part of User Information, and may be shared with the sponsor and others, subject to this Policy and the sponsor’s privacy policy.
third party providers of goods and services on a rental or other basis for some of our Services when information (such as the name of our users, their mailing address, phone number, email address – and in certain circumstances their employer’s name, company size and other industry data) is provided in connection with webcasts, white papers or other sponsored downloads.
We may disclose your Personal Information to a third party for a business purpose or share your Personal Information for a commercial purpose. When we disclose Personal Information for a business purpose, we enter into a contract or other legally binding transaction that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep Personal Information confidential and not use it for any purpose except for performing the responsibilities outlined in the contract.
Accessing or Correcting Personal Information
Keeping Personal Information about you current helps ensure that we offer you the best coupons available for merchants and business partners. You can do several things to help keep Personal Information about you current. You can access, update and delete your Contact Information and the other information you provided us to use in your profile by logging into the Services via a desktop computer and clicking on the "Profile" link. If you want to close your account or have other questions or requests, or if you would like to access or request a correction to any other Personal Information we hold regarding you, please Contact Us. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, Contact Us. In response, we will cancel or remove your information but may retain and use copies of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for exercising your privacy rights conferred to you by the California Consumer Privacy Act.
Date Privacy Policy Last Updated
Our Privacy Policy was lasted updated as of the date indicated at the beginning of the policy.
How this Privacy Policy May Change
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and all changes will be effective at the time we post them. If we believe there is a significant change to this Privacy Policy or our data collection and use practices, we will indicate on our websites that our Privacy Policy has changed prior to the change becoming effective. The then-posted version of the Privacy Policy supersedes all prior versions. Your continued access to or use of any of the Services shall be deemed your acceptance of the Privacy Policy.

