( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://hrtechprivacy.com/brands/glassdoor#privacypolicy )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used:
https://www.glassdoor.com/index.htm
https://www.glassdoor.com/Reviews/index.htm
https://www.glassdoor.com/Salaries/index.htm
https://www.glassdoor.com/Interview/index.htm
https://www.glassdoor.com/employers/index.htm
https://www.glassdoor.com/apps.htm
http://help.glassdoor.com/article/Glassdoor-Messaging-Service/en_US
https://www.glassdoor.com/employers/products/free-employer-account.htm
https://indeed.com/
https://www.simplyhired.com/
https://syftapp.com/
https://www.resume.com/
https://www.workopolis.com/
https://www.wowjobs.ca/BrowseJobs.aspx
https://www.engineerjobs.com/
https://rescuemyresumes.com/
https://resumeperfector.com/
http://hrtechprivacy.com/
https://www.glassdoor.com/about/terms.htm
https://www.glassdoor.com/about/privacy.htm#privacyPolicy
https://www.glassdoor.com/about/doNotSell.htm
https://www.glassdoor.com/about/privacy.htm#privacyPolicy
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2799357?hl=en
http://www.aboutcookies.org/
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
http://youradchoices.ca/choices
https://www.glassdoor.ie/about/privacy-third-party.htm
https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
https://help.glassdoor.com/Privacy_Request/en_US
https://help.glassdoor.com/Privacy_Request/en_US
https://www.glassdoor.ie/about/privacy.htm#contact
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
https://www.glassdoor.com/member/account/settings_input.htm
https://www.glassdoor.com/member/account/settings_input.htm
http://resources.glassdoor.com/UnsubscribePage.html
http://help.glassdoor.com/article/Delete-my-user-account/en_US
https://www.glassdoor.com/about/terms.htm
http://help.glassdoor.com/ContactUs/en_US
http://help.glassdoor.com/ContactUs/en_US
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint
https://media.glassdoor.com/legal/privacy-policy/2020-09-02-Privacy-Policy-EN.pdf
http://help.glassdoor.com/ContactUs/en_US
https://help.glassdoor.com/Privacy_Request/en_US
)

Glassdoor
Built on the foundation of increasing workplace transparency, Glassdoor offers millions of the latest job listings, combined with a growing database of company reviews, CEO approval ratings, salary reports, interview reviews and questions, benefits reviews, office photos and more. Unlike other job sites, all of this information is shared by those who know a company best — the employees. In turn, job seekers on Glassdoor are well-researched and more informed about the jobs and companies they apply to and consider joining. This is why thousands of employers across all industries and sizes turn to Glassdoor to help them recruit and hire quality candidates at scale who stay longer. Glassdoor is available anywhere via its mobile apps.
Glassdoor Privacy and Cookie Policy
Revised September 3, 2020.
We, Glassdoor, explain in this Privacy and Cookie Policy (the “Policy”) how we collect, process and/or use information that we receive via our websites, emails we send, and mobile applications (collectively, the “Platform”) that link to this Policy, as amended from time to time. This Policy describes how Glassdoor collects, processes, uses, shares and secures the personal information you provide. It also describes your choices regarding use, access, and correction of your personal information. For purposes of this Policy, personal information shall mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Unless we specify otherwise, this Policy applies only to information we collect, process and use through the Platform. This Policy does not apply to information that we collect through other channels, such as information that we collect offline, from other websites or from emails you send us, unless we notify you at the time of collection that this privacy policy applies.
For the purposes of this Policy, “Glassdoor,” “we,” or “us” shall mean the following entities:
•	Glassdoor, Inc., a Delaware corporation with offices at 100 Shoreline Highway, Mill Valley California, USA.
Information We Collect
We collect information about you to provide our services. In order for us to best provide our services to you (and to help make it feasible for us to do so), it is essential that we are able to collect and use the information as described in this Policy. If you are a registered user of the Platform the data collection is largely necessary for fulfilling our contractual obligations towards you and, where neither of those is the case, alternative legal grounds serve as our legal basis for processing (i.e., consent, legal obligation, and legitimate interests—see details below).
Information You Give Us
When you fill out registration forms, submit your resume, or provide us with other personal information actively, we collect that information for processing and use in accordance with this Policy. Because we change our offerings and features from time to time, the options you have to provide us with personal information also may change, but here are some examples of situations in which you will have the opportunity to provide personal information to us:
•	Creating an account
•	Signing up for email alerts
•	Completing a form related to one of our products or services
•	Uploading a CV
•	Completing your Profile or preferences
•	Sending messages through Glassdoor
•	Contacting us for technical support or customer service.
Depending on how you interact with our Platform, the personal information we collect from you may vary. For example, to create an account we may ask only for an email address and password. In other circumstances, such as when you complete a form related to a particular service offering, we may ask you to provide other information, which may include your name, phone number, and/or postal address. We also collect and store certain information associated with actions you take. For example, when you search for jobs, we store the titles, locations and general salary range (if available) of jobs you search for and click on. We also store information about the job postings that you apply to, the time and duration of your activity on our Platform, and other information about your behavior on our Platform. Because much of this information is necessary for us to provide you with our service, if you don’t share this information you may not be able to use some features of the Glassdoor platform.
If you connect to the Platform using Facebook, Google+, or another social networking site (each a “Social Networking Site”), we will receive information that you authorize the Social Networking Site to share with us, which may include public profile information, birthday, current city work, school, and email address. When we receive this information, it becomes Glassdoor account information for purposes of your use of the Platform. This information also constitutes personal information and is therefore subject to this Policy. Any information that we collect from your Social Networking Site account may depend on the privacy settings you have set with the Social Networking Site, so please consult the Social Networking Site’s privacy and data practices. You have the ability to disconnect your Social Networking Site account from your Glassdoor account by adapting the privacy settings in your Social Networking Site account. If you come to the Platform through a Social Networking Site, from other websites or with devices that enable third parties to collect information from or about you, such third parties receive information about you subject to their privacy policies.
On certain Glassdoor domains, when you set up an individual user account on the Platform, you may create a profile (a “Profile”) that will include personal information you provide. At your request, we will create your Profile with information we extract from a resume you have uploaded on the Platform. When you fill out and save your Profile, your saved Profile can be viewed by prospective employers, subject to visibility settings you control. (For example, when you apply to certain Easy Apply jobs posted by a Glassdoor employer client, we may share a static image of your saved Profile with that employer in connection with your application). Because your anonymity on our Platform is important, your Profile does not include information you submit to the Platform anonymously (for example, the reviews, salaries, benefits, and company ratings information you submit anonymously).
We may host an Easy Apply application that asks for relevant information generally considered sensitive (such as a driver’s license number for truck driver job, or a government-issued identification number for a government job). Some applications may ask you to identify your racial/ethnic origin or disabilities on a strictly voluntary basis (e.g. for purposes of providing equal employment opportunities) and you may choose not to submit this information without any detriment to your application. For our EU users, data about racial/ethnic origin and disabilities are considered special categories of personal data under Article 9 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). When we host Easy Apply applications that collect this kind of data, we pass that information along to the employer when we submit your application and do not retain it on our systems. But please remember, you should not include this kind of data in any resume you upload to the Platform or submit it in any other scenarios, except where we specifically prompt you to provide such information such as described above.
Some of our Easy Apply applications allow you to apply to a job hosted on the site of one of our affiliates. When you click on the Easy Apply button, and confirm by clicking the Apply button, your application will be submitted for the job through one of our affiliates. Before the Apply button, you will see a notice informing you that the application is hosted on an affiliate’s site, including a link in the affiliate’s terms and privacy policy. You will have the opportunity to open the affiliate’s terms and privacy policy and read them prior to submitting your application.
Glassdoor provides the Glassdoor Messaging Service, a two-way message proxy and relay system. By utilizing the Glassdoor Messaging Service, you acknowledge that you are asking Glassdoor to send these messages on your behalf. This includes your resumes, cover letters, applications, messages, questionnaire answers, responses, offer letters and other materials. When you ask Glassdoor to transmit an application or a message, including, but not limited to, a signed offer letter, to an employer via Glassdoor or the Glassdoor Messaging Service or store such application, you understand Glassdoor reserves the right to reformat such application or message.
We process, monitor, review, store and analyze such content and other materials, including via automated means, for data analysis, quality control, enforcement of our Terms, and improvement of our services. Examples of such improvements would be optimizing our search results, improving job postings, matching you with a job posting or employer, ensuring you are provided with personally relevant product features and communications, and preventing fraud and spam. As a result of this activity, or due to technical malfunction, in certain circumstances such content may be delayed or may not be delivered to the intended recipient. Glassdoor may (but is not obligated to) notify you in such an event. By using Glassdoor Messaging Service or otherwise providing user content through Glassdoor, you acknowledge that this activity is necessary for maintaining the quality of Glassdoor and for providing the Glassdoor Messaging Service. Please also note that since the Glassdoor Messaging Services depend on the functionality of third-party providers, there may be technical delays on the part of those email service providers.
If you enter credit card information on the Platform in connection with a purchase, that information is sent directly from your browser to the third-party service provider we use to manage credit card processing and we do not store it on our servers. The service provider is not permitted to use the information you provide except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.
When you submit personal information to a third party and are informed at the time of collection that your information may be shared with us, we may collect that information for lawful marketing purposes.
Employers with Free Employer Accounts may provide us with work email addresses of their employees for use to send an email asking those employees to leave candid reviews of the employer on the Platform.
Categories of personal information collected by Glassdoor may include Job Postings (your job postings on Glassdoor), Profile Information (Name, Email Address, Resume, Current Job Title, Past Job History, Age, Gender), Sales & Support History (Purchase History, Payment Details, and other sales support interactions), Job Applications (jobs you have applied to), Job Interests & Activity (job preferences and your activity interacting with jobs, e.g. saving a job), Security & Login Information (Your login events, password changes, email changes and mobile device information), Site Activity (Pages you viewed and “like activity”), Marketing Activity (Marketing programs you have joined, content downloaded, etc.), User Feedback (Feedback you have provided Glassdoor via email, app/website and other channels), and/or Content You Contributed (Employer reviews, Salary Reports, Benefit reviews, Interview reviews, Employer photos). We may also collect Additional Personal and Demographic Information you may elect to give us, as set forth in further detail below.
Information We Collect Automatically
When you use the Platform, your device is automatically providing information to us so we can respond and customize our response to you. The type of information we collect by automated means generally includes technical information about your computer, such as your IP address or other device identifier, the type of device you use, and operating system version. The information we collect also may include usage information and statistics about your interaction with the Platform. That information may include the URLs of our web pages that you visited, URLs of referring and exiting pages, page views, time spent on a page, number of clicks, platform type, location data (if you have enabled access to your location on your mobile device), and other information about how you used the Platform.
Automated means of data collection include the following:
Cookies And Tracking Technologies. Technologies such as: cookies, web beacons, locally shared objects (sometimes called “flash cookies”), mobile identifiers and similar technologies (“Cookies”) are used by Glassdoor and our partners (such as advertising, marketing and analytics providers) (“Ad Partners”). We use Cookies to remember users’ settings as well as for authentication and analytics. These technologies may be used in analyzing trends, administering the Platform, tracking users’ movements around the Platform and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Our Ad Partners may also use such technologies to deliver advertisements to you. You can control the use of Cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable Cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service. For more information on Cookies, how we use them, the third parties we work with who use them, and how you can control them, please see the section of this policy entitled Cookie Policy and Ad Choices.
Log File Information. Log file information is automatically reported by your browser or mobile application each time you access a website on our Platform. For example, when you access a Glassdoor website, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends when you visit any website. These server logs include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, and pages viewed.
Device Information. We collect information about the device you use to access the Platform, including type of device, operating system, settings, and unique device identifiers, and IP address. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you’re using and its settings. For example, different types of information are available depending on whether you’re using a Mac or a PC, or an iPhone or Android phone. We collect the device type and any other information you choose to provide, such as username, geolocation, or email address. We also use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your phone. This software records information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile application.
How We Use Information
We use the information we collect to provide our services. In order for us to best provide our services (and to help make it feasible for us to do so), it is essential that we are able to collect and use the information as described in this Policy. 
Glassdoor’s mission is to help people everywhere find a job and company they love. Since each of our affiliates shares a similar goal of helping people find jobs and helping employers hire quality candidates, Glassdoor and its affiliates have developed the HR Tech Privacy Center. The HR Tech Privacy Center is designed to educate our users about our affiliates and how we share data with them to provide robust service offerings to our users.  We encourage you to visit the HR Tech Privacy Center to learn more. Examples of our affiliates include: Indeed, Simply Hired, Syft, Resume.com, Workopolis, Wowjobs, Engineerjobs, RescueMyResumes and Resumeperfector.
As a registered user of our Platform, Glassdoor processes your information in accordance with our contractual obligations based on the Terms of Use and, where this is not the case, alternative legal grounds serve as our legal basis for processing (i.e., consent, legal obligation, and legitimate interests) including personal information for the following purposes:
•	to provide you with personalized content, services and offers of services offered by Glassdoor, as well as other promotional content and services (for example, Glassdoor and its affiliates may use your previous search and browsing history (e.g. the jobs you click on), or your resume, Profile, application information, and responses to screener questions to determine relevant search results and provide you with recommended jobs on Glassdoor or on sites of Glassdoor affiliates, or Glassdoor may reach out to you about jobs or companies you may be interested in; we also use your IP address and mobile device for these purposes); For the purposes of this Policy, “affiliates” means any entity that directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control of or with Glassdoor, Inc., now or in the future. “Control” for these purposes means having a majority of shares or the right and ability to direct management.
•	to moderate and display the employer reviews, interview reviews, salary reports and other content you have submitted for the benefit of our other users;
•	to customize and improve the features, performance, and support of the Glassdoor site and sites of Glassdoor affiliates;
•	to communicate with you or initiate communication with you (for marketing or service-related purposes) on behalf of third parties through your Glassdoor account or through other means such as email, telephone (including mobile phone), or postal mail, including through the use of contact information that you provide to us or (where it is lawful for us to do so) that we otherwise obtain from third-party resources;
•	to permit Glassdoor or a Glassdoor affiliate to recommend a Glassdoor user (and that user’s resume or resume extract) to an employer hosted by Glassdoor or to an employer hosted by a Glassdoor affiliate, subject to visibility settings you control (for example, Glassdoor may use application materials—including resumes and responses to screener questions—to determine whether the words of any job seeker’s resume and answers to screener questions match the words of a job posting or resume query, and vice-versa, we may then differentiate matching resumes and screener questions from those that do not match, and present them to employers as matches or not matches);
•	to permit Glassdoor to contact Glassdoor users with respect to such recommendations, subject to visibility settings you control;
•	to provide relevant advertising, including interest-based advertising from us and third parties, which may mean that we share non-personally identifiable information, such as your job title, to third-party advertisers;
•	to transmit your application and save your application materials;
•	to share your saved Profile or resume with employers, subject to visibility settings you control;
•	to allow Glassdoor and Glassdoor affiliates to process your personal data for the purpose of improving for internal operations, including detecting and preventing fraud and spam, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, and service improvement (this includes use of your IP address and mobile device information to help diagnose problems with our service and to administer the Platform);
•	to create aggregated statistical data that does not identify you individually and that we can commercialize (for example, we use mobile device data and IP addresses to create anonymized, aggregate demographic information);
•	for other purposes that you separately authorise as you interact with Glassdoor.
When we collect any information that does not identify you as a specific natural person (“Non-Personal Information”), we are permitted to use and disclose this information for any purpose, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, except where we are required to do otherwise by applicable law. Examples of Non-Personal Information include: physical location information; demographic information, including gender, dates of birth, ZIP codes, etc.; or any personal information that has been anonymized, aggregated or de-identified. If we combine any Non-Personal Information with your personal information (such as combining your ZIP code with your name), we will use and disclose such combined information as personal information in accordance with this policy. Similarly, if applicable law requires that we treat certain Non-Personal Information as personal information, we will use and disclose this information as personal information in accordance with this policy.
How We Share Information/Recipients
We only disclose your personal information to third parties as follows:
•	We use affiliated and unaffiliated service providers all over the world to help us deliver our service and run our business subject to strict confidentiality agreements. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us;
Category of Third-Party	Categories of Data Shared With Such Third Parties
Advertising Partners & Exchanges	Job Postings, Profile Information, Site Activity, Marketing Activity
Affiliates (as detailed above)	Job Postings, Profile Information, Sales & Support History, Job Applications, Site Activity
Analytics & Optimization Providers	Job Postings, Profile Information, Sales & Support History, Job Applications, Security & Login Information, Site Activity, User Feedback
Cloud Storage & Computing Platforms & Associated Tools and Software Providers	Diversity and Inclusion Information, Job Postings, Profile Information, Sales & Support History, Job Applications, Security & Login Information, Site Activity, User Feedback, Content You Contributed
Content Moderation & Support Providers	Job Postings, Profile Information, Sales & Support History, Job Applications, Security & Login Information, Site Activity, User Feedback, Content You Contributed
Customer Relationship Management & Sales Transaction/Optimization Providers	Job Postings, Profile Information, Sales & Support History, Marketing Activity, User Feedback
Information Technology Service & Support Providers	Job Postings, Profile Information, Sales & Support History, Security & Login Information, Site Activity, User Feedback
Email & Email Delivery Providers	Job Postings, Profile Information, Sales & Support History, Job Applications, Marketing Activity, User Feedback
Employers	Job Applications, Profile Information
Financial Transaction, Accounting, and Audit providers	Job Postings, Profile Information, Sales & Support History
Fraud Detection & Security Providers	Job Postings, Profile Information, Sales & Support History, Job Applications, Security & Login Information, Site Activity, Content You Contributed
Marketing and Prospecting Providers	Job Postings, Profile Information, Sales & Support History, Site Activity, Marketing Activity
•	We may also share your information with Glassdoor affiliates, namely any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Glassdoor. Such affiliates shall process your personal data either (1) at our direction as a processor under a contractual relationship, (2) as a separate controller of your information where you are informed at the time of collection or processing of their relationship to you, or (3) where we believe it is necessary for the purposes of a legitimate interest, and where such purposes are aligned with those for which you provided your personal data to us. These instances and processing activities are outlined in the “How We Use Your Information” section above and will include data falling into the categories described in the section “Information You Give Us”. We encourage you to visit the HR Tech Privacy Center to learn more.
•	We will disclose data If we believe in good faith such disclosure is necessary (1) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants or legal process served on us (though we reserve the right to take action on behalf of our users to defend their right to anonymity when we believe there is a legitimate basis to do so, because candid, lawful, anonymous free speech is fundamental to Glassdoor’s mission of workplace transparency); (2) to enforce our Glassdoor Terms of Use and Privacy Policy; (3) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; (4) as we otherwise deem necessary and is permitted by applicable laws to protect and defend the rights or property of us, the users of our services, or third parties; or (5) as permitted under applicable laws to meet national security and similar requirements;
•	In reorganization or sale of our company or assets, your data may be transferred, subject to the acquirer and its affiliates accepting the commitments made in this Policy and compliance with applicable law;
•	If you apply for a particular job through the Platform, we will disclose your personal information to the employer to whom you apply and any vendors they are working with to process your application;
•	We invite you to include your resume or other information in more generally available formats for us to share with employers (for example, when you apply to Easy Apply jobs, a static image of your saved Profile), subject to visibility settings you control;
•	We share certain information that does not identify you personally, but which is unique to your use of the Platform, such as job titles that you have entered at the time of registration or on your profile. When we share such information, we do not link job titles with your name when we provide this information to others, such as advertisers, recruiters or employers;
•	We will otherwise share personal information with your consent.
•	As described in this section, Glassdoor may share your data with our affiliates. When we share this data, this may be considered a “sale” under applicable law. Once we begin sharing data you will be able to opt-out of this sharing by accessing the link in our footer titled “Do Not Sell My Info”
The Legal Basis on Which Glassdoor Processes Your Personal Data
Glassdoor collects and processes your personal information on the basis of different legal grounds, depending on the nature of the personal information being provided and the type of processing involved.
Performance of a Contract
Most of the personal Data processed by Glassdoor is performed on the basis that it is necessary for the performance of our agreements with you (among them, your agreement to our Terms of Use and this Policy), or in order to take steps at the request of the user prior to entering such an agreement. An example of this would be where Glassdoor sends a job seeker’s application to an employer.
Legitimate Interest
A second ground relied upon by Glassdoor for other types of processing of your personal information is that it is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by Glassdoor. Such legitimate interests may include where Glassdoor sends you marketing about our products and services or where we believe you have a reasonable expectation that we will perform a particular type of processing on your behalf. A further example would be where Glassdoor shares your personal information with our affiliates as detailed in the “How We Share Information/Recipients” section above. Glassdoor will only rely on such a ground where an assessment has been performed balancing the interests and rights involved and the necessity of the processing in order to provide our services, products and features to you.
Compliance with a Legal Obligation
A third ground relied upon for certain types of processing is that it is necessary in order to allow Glassdoor to comply with a legal obligation. An example of this would be where Glassdoor is required to retain business records for fixed periods of time or transmit them to a user in order to comply with local legal requirements. Another example is when Glassdoor collects Equal Employment Opportunity (or similar programs in your country) information on behalf of employers as part of the process of processing your applications to employers through the Glassdoor platform.
Consent
Finally, in certain limited situations, Glassdoor relies on your consent in order to process your personal information. Where Glassdoor requires your consent in order to collect and process certain personal information, we seek your consent at the time of provision, and such processing will only be performed where consent is secured unless Glassdoor has another lawful basis on which to rely. For example, your consent may be sought where you submit feedback to Glassdoor, or in certain instances where you initiate a marketing message or other communication with Glassdoor. You can withdraw your consent, as detailed in the “Other Important Privacy Information” section below, where applicable.
Additional Personal and Demographic Information You May Elect to Give Us
At Glassdoor, our mission is to help everyone find a job and company they love. We also believe transparency is one of the most powerful forces for good in the world. At its core, transparency about the workplace empowers people with the right information to make the right decisions about their careers. In an effort to innovate and evolve, and in order for us to take workplace transparency to the next level, you now have the option to provide us with personal diversity and inclusion (“D&I”) information. 
In particular, we may ask you to provide (and we may subsequently collect) certain categories of D&I information about you, including information relating but not limited to:
•	Age
•	Disability
•	Gender Identity
•	Language
•	Leading Personality Trait
•	Marital Status
•	Parental Status
•	Race & Ethnicity
•	Religion 
•	Sexual Orientation
•	Veteran Status
D&I Information Principles
We recognize that some of these categories of information are sensitive and very personal. We therefore want to be fully transparent in how we collect and process this data so that you can make an informed decision whether or not you want to provide this information to us. 
First, you are never obligated to provide this information to access or use the Glassdoor platform. Glassdoor will always remain a place you can visit to find out information about companies and jobs without the need to supply personal information beyond your comfort level, i.e., the level at which you elect to share information about yourself (except as required in order to use a particular service, such as personal information necessary to apply for a job).
Second, we will only collect and process D&I information based on your explicit consent.
Third, you will always have the option at any time to remove previously supplied D&I information, or to update D&I information that may have changed.
Fourth, we employ physical, electronic, and managerial measures to safeguard the information we collect online. However, you should know that no company can fully eliminate security risks, so we cannot make guarantees about any part of our services.
Fifth, we use D&I data only for the purposes described in this Policy unless we notify you at the time of collection that we may use it in some other manner.
Sixth, we take precautions to ensure that your decision to provide your D&I information does not inadvertently negate your anonymity or reveal your identity on our platform. For example, we may limit the number of reviews or other pieces of content required with certain D&I attributes for those D&I attributes to become visible to the public in order to ensure that we do not inadvertently disclose sufficient information about a particular user’s personal attributes that would make them identifiable. While we take your anonymity extremely seriously and make our best efforts to ensure that D&I information does not inadvertently lead to your identification, there are two instances in which such disclosure of a user’s identification may occur:
1.	In order to provide a voice and agency to those who, regardless of the risks of identification, affirmatively wish to have their opinions and experiences heard, we may provide an option for users to opt into the disclosure of their D&I data in a manner and to an extent that may lead to loss of their anonymity on our platform. These choices will be conspicuously marked and will require affirmative assent to verify your understanding, intention, and acceptance of this risk of identification.
2.	While we try very hard to plan for all contingencies, we are not perfect. The preventative measures we take and our platform’s technological performance may not always function the way we intend when combined with the complex realities of many millions of unique workplaces into which we have limited, imperfect visibility. As we collect more personal information about our users that may be displayed publicly, there may be instances where the mechanisms we have designed to protect your anonymity fail. This is never our intention, and we take multiple steps to ensure this is not the case. But, in the interests of transparency, we want to be sure we make you are fully aware of this risk.
Seventh, we will never sell or transfer your D&I information to a third-party in a way that would present a risk to your anonymity (i.e., we will never transfer your D&I information to a third-party in conjunction with other particular information about you sufficient for a third-party to identify you). We may, however, disclose your D&I information to one of our affiliates or service providers as defined and described in this Policy to enable affiliate or service-provider data processing for purposes consistent with this Policy and the principles outlined herein (see the section of this Policy titled “How We Share Information/Recipients”). We may also anonymize and/or aggregate and make available data to third parties and the public as described in this Policy (e.g., to provide insights into diversity metrics in particular areas, industries, companies, or countries, or make available data reports outlining economic or labor trends).
How We Use D&I Information 
Depending on your selections if and as you elect to disclose D&I information, we will use the data you provide to implement new platform features, track various diversity and inclusion trends across industries, countries, and globally, and push employers to begin sharing diversity data and make changes to their practices in response to the insights we provide.
As a registered user of our Platform, Glassdoor processes your D&I and some non-D&I information in accordance with our contractual obligations based on the Terms of Use, this Policy, and your consent for the following purposes: 
•	Providing insights into wage discrepancies (e.g., showing gender and racial/ethnic wage gap disparities)
•	Providing D&I-based analysis of jobs and companies (e.g., we may utilize D&I information to generate reports highlighting employers that best embrace diversity, support LGBTQ rights, minimize wage gaps, etc.)
•	Providing diversity and inclusion metrics and ratings (e.g., provide insights for job seekers who want to learn more about diversity and inclusion with respect to specific industries or companies)
•	Providing search optimization and filtering via diversity data (e.g., providing users the ability to filter Glassdoor content or companies based on certain employer qualities or employee experiences and attributes; for example, employers that are supportive of LGBTQ+ rights or who are particularly supportive of women with respect to enhanced maternity leave benefits; As users provide D&I information, their reviews may be associated with aggregated categories, such as filtering for all the African-American, Pacific Islander, and Latinx reviews for a particular company/all the reviews for an industry. In some instances, particular reviews may be tagged with D&I attributes.)
•	Enhancing employer/employee diversity disclosures for job seekers (e.g., we may allow employers to share internal diversity data, diversity program details, and testimonials from their own employees;  we may provide opportunities for jobseekers and employees to engage and have anonymous discussions on D&I-related and other topics, ) 
•	Incorporating D&I information into existing or new products and services otherwise detailed in this Policy (see the section of this Policy titled “How We Use Your Information”)
How We Share D&I Information/Recipients
As we describe in Section Seven of our D&I Information Principles above, we may share D&I information consistent with our Policy overall. Please refer to the section of this Policy titled “How We Share Information/Recipients”.
Cookie Policy and Ad Choices
This Cookie Policy describes how Glassdoor uses Cookies and similar technologies. For more information on our general data privacy practices, please see the full Privacy Policy.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored on your computer, mobile phone, or other device when you first visit a page. We use cookies, web beacons, locally shared objects (sometimes called “flash cookies”), mobile identifiers and similar technologies (“Cookies”) to help us recognize you on the Platform, enhance your user experience, understand usage of the Platform, and show you relevant advertising. Cookies may also be set by other websites or services that run content on the page you’re visiting. After you register on the Platform, we may connect information we collect from the Cookies set by us and our partners with other information received from you. The provision of your data via Cookies is voluntary except for those Cookies that we place on your device because we need them for the performance of our Platform and our services.
What types of Cookies do we use?
We use two types of Cookies on the Platform: “session cookies” and “persistent cookies.” Session Cookies are temporary Cookies that remain on your device until you leave the Platform. A persistent Cookie remains on your device for much longer until you manually delete it (how long the Cookie remains will depend on the duration or “lifetime” of the specific Cookie and your browser settings).
What are Cookies used for?
Cookies transmit information about you and your use of the Platform, such as your browser type, search preferences, job titles, data relating to advertisements that have been displayed to you or that you have clicked on, and the date and time of your use. With the exception of an identifier Cookie that we associate with registered accounts to prevent fraud by members of the Platform, Cookies link to certain unique information such as the job titles that you entered at time of registration or on your profile, but this is not linked to your name. We use four types of cookies: Strictly Necessary, Functional, Analytics, and Targeting. You can reference which specific cookies fall into each category by using our Cookie Consent Tool in our website footer.
We use Cookies for things like:
Purpose	Explanation
Authentication	We use Cookies to help us determine whether or not you’ve signed in to the Platform and to keep you signed in during visits as you access different pages.
Security	We use Cookies to enable and support security features, prevent fraud, and protect your data from unauthorised access.
Preferences and Features	We use Cookies to enable features and help us provide you with personalised content, such as showing you your recent search activity.
Advertising	We use Cookies to deliver, evaluate and improve advertising, such as by using information about you to provide relevant advertising both on and off the Platform. Our Ad Partners may use a cookie to determine whether you’ve already been shown an advert or how it performed, or provide us with information about how you interacted with an ad.
Analytics and Performance	We use Cookies to analyze how our visitors use the Platform and to monitor site performance. These Cookies help us to identify and fix errors, understand and improve services, research and test out different features, and monitor how our visitors reach our sites.
Targeting Cookies: Ad Choices and Managing Cookies
Glassdoor works with several third parties to provide you with personalized, interest-based advertising. We may target ads to you, and measure their performance, on and off the Platform using:
•	Member-provided profile information (e.g., job title, occupation, location, authorized information shared from your Social Networking Site)
•	Your use of the Platform (e.g., search history, job clicks, companies you follow);
•	Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket).
•	IP address or mobile device location information (to the extent you have enabled location tracking on your device);
•	Cookies (both on and off the Platform) which may include information from the Ad Partners we use to help deliver relevant ads to you.
How We Work with Third-Party Ad Partners
When we work with our Ad Partners to serve you personalized, interest-based advertising, we do not share information with them that they can use to identify you or associate with you as a specific individual unless you have instructed us to do so (such as when you fill out a lead form in an ad, or approve your Profile for display to employers). Similarly, if one of these Ad Partners has information about you saved in one of their own Cookies on your browser, they use that information to help us send you a relevant ad, but they do not share with us information that we can associate with you as an individual.
We work with third parties, such as Google Analytics, to provide analytics services that use the Cookies set on your device to measure the performance of advertising and track traffic to Glassdoor generally. We have also implemented Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, which categorizes Cookie information so that we and third-party service providers can better deliver advertisements that are relevant and useful to you on the Platform and various websites across the internet. In addition, a Cookie on some of our employer clients sites provides us with aggregate data about the number of applications submitted to those sites by users of Platform.
Consenting to Cookies and Opting Out of Cookies
As we describe in our cookie banner (for our users in jurisdictions where we display a consent banner) and in our Cookie Consent Tool (located in the Glassdoor website footer), we use Cookies that are strictly necessary for us to provide the services you use and you cannot opt out of these Cookies on the Platform. By utilizing our Cookie Consent Tool, you can reject all but Strictly Necessary cookies, or opt out if specific categories of cookies at any time (as described above and in the Tool). You are also able to disable placement of some (but not all) Cookies by setting your browser to decline cookies, though this may worsen your user experience. Additionally, you can also control, manage and/or delete cookies via your browser settings. A useful resource for information about deleting and controlling cookies can be found at AboutCookies.org.
If you enable location data for the mobile version of the Platform (including any version installed as a native application), we may use your location data to serve you geo-targeted ads for employers and other advertisers that are local to you. In such instances, we do not share your location with the advertiser or advertising network; rather, we provide the advertiser or advertising network with a means to push ads through to users located in certain areas. You may disable location services at any time in your device privacy settings or the Glassdoor native app settings.
Ad Partner Cookies
Here are some options for managing the third-party Cookies used by our Ad Partners:
When visiting Glassdoor from a region where applicable law requires consent for the use of non-strictly necessary cookies, we surface a cookie consent banner and request your consent. You can adjust Cookie preferences on Glassdoor through our Cookie Consent Tool located in the Glassdoor footer.
You are also able to opt out of other third-party advertiser and ad network placement of Cookies or targeted advertising generally by visiting the following links: Network Advertising Initiative; Digital Advertising Alliance; European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (for users in the EU); The Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (for users in Canada); or you can follow opt-out instructions of the Ad Partners we work with listed here. You will continue to receive generic ads by companies not listed with these opt-out tools.
You can opt out of tracking by Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting services by visiting Google Ads Settings or by downloading the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on.
Please note: If ads or other features on the Platform are provided by third parties, those parties set and use their own Cookies that are subject to those third parties’ privacy notices and policies. Glassdoor does not have access to, or control over, these Cookies. Also, if you respond to ads posted by third parties or submit information to third parties via the Platform, such third parties receive information about you subject to their privacy policies.
Do Not Track Signals
We do not currently respond to ‘do not track’ signals and similar settings or mechanisms. When you use the Platform, we try to provide a customized experience.
Other Important Privacy Information
Your Privacy Rights
Glassdoor operates globally and is therefore subject to a variety of data privacy laws that confer a range of privacy rights upon our users. We have chosen to provide all of these privacy rights to our users regardless of their location. 
•	If you wish to submit a data rights request to access, correct, delete, export, rectify, update, or ask questions about your personal data, you may do so via our Privacy Requests Page. Your name and email address will be requested. A verification email will be sent to you to verify your identity. An agent may submit your name and email address on your behalf via the Privacy Request Page, but we can only verify your request by asking you to click the verification link in the verification email.
•	In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information via our Privacy Requests Page.
•	You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. Registered users can manage their account settings and email marketing preferences as described in the “Choices Regarding Your Personal Information” section below. If you are an unregistered user, or to opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), you may contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us“.
•	Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
•	Glassdoor does not process your information for the purpose of making automated decisions about you which has a legal or other significant effect.
Glassdoor does not discriminate against users’ that exercise any of these privacy rights. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to keep any information in our archives that we deem necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Choices Regarding Your Personal Information
In addition to your rights outlined above, if you are an individual consumer member of Glassdoor, you can manage your account settings in the “Account Settings” page on the Platform where we provide you with the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personal information used for certain purposes. If you are an employer with an Employer Account, you can manage you can manage your account settings in the “Account Settings” page on the Glassdoor for Employers website. Employers can manage settings for email marketing by Glassdoor by clicking here.
We will send you notifications and if, and to the extent, you have opted-in to promotional communications, or other messages using the contact information (e.g., your email address, your mobile device identifier) you provided to us when you registered or when you requested information from us. You may opt-out of continuing to receive optional messages by following the instructions included in each message. Also, you can control most of the emails you receive from us by editing your email preferences within “My Account” settings on the site; provided you will need to separately opt-out of receiving our various blog post update emails by unsubscribing to each blog that you have originally subscribed to. You can control the mobile push notifications within the “Me” section of the mobile app.
We will send you service-related announcements when we believe it is necessary to do so. Generally, you cannot opt-out of these announcements, which are not primarily promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive these announcements, you have the option to deactivate your account. In some cases, you can stop or limit the information we collect by automated means. To learn more about how you may be able to stop or limit our receipt of that information please review the section entitled Cookie Policy and Ad Choices.
Close Your Account
If you’d like to close your Glassdoor account, you can do so within your Account Settings on the Platform. For specific instructions, please see this article in our Help Center. When you close your account, you will no longer have full access to salaries, reviews, and interviews, and any content you have submitted will be pulled from the display on the Platform, but we reserve the right to keep any information in a closed account in our archives that we deem necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. If, after you close your account, you wish to know which personal information we keep you can proceed in accordance with your rights set out above.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
We keep your personal information only so long as we need it to provide the Platform to you and fulfill the purposes described in this Policy. This is also the case for anyone that we share your personal information with and who carries out services on our behalf. Retention periods can vary significantly based on the type of information and how it is used. Our retention periods are based on criteria that include legally mandated retention periods, pending or potential litigation, our intellectual property or ownership rights, contract requirements, operational directives or needs, and historical archiving. When we no longer need to use your personal information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can’t identify you.
Security Safeguards
Security. We employ physical, electronic, and managerial measures to safeguard the information we collect online. However, no company can fully eliminate security risks, so we cannot make guarantees about any part of our services. You are responsible for keeping your username and password secret. Once you have registered with us, we will never ask you for your password. Please create a unique password for your Glassdoor account and do not use it for any other web services or applications. Do not share your password with anyone else.
Tips For A Responsible Job Search. We actively monitor the Platform for job postings that violate our Terms of Use. If we detect fraudulent activity, we remove the job posting from the Platform. However, fraudulent job postings can sometimes appear and we urge you to exercise caution in your job search. Please consider the following tips when conducting your search:
•	Do not send money to a prospective employer.
•	Do not give out personal or financial account information to a new employer via email.
•	Do not cash checks or transfer funds for your employer.
•	Beware of job postings that ask you to send your resume to a free email service address (e.g., gmail, yahoo, etc).
•	Do not include sensitive information like your National Insurance number in your resume.
•	Beware of job listings with spelling errors and bad grammar.
•	If something sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
•	Do your homework. Be sure to research any job opportunity that interests you.
If you see a suspicious job posting, please contact us here. If you think you have been the victim of fraud, immediately report the fraud to your local police and contact Glassdoor.
Privacy of Minors
To access or use the Platform you must be at least 16 years of age or, if older, the age of majority in your jurisdiction, otherwise you may not use the Platform. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us here. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
Data Controller
The information about you that we collect, process and/or use through the Platform is hosted, controlled, and services are provided by the Glassdoor entities described at the beginning of this privacy policy, including, where applicable, outside of the European Economic Area (EEA), including in the United States. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your information in these countries may not be the same as in your home country. We take additional measures when information is transferred from the EEA. This includes having standard clauses approved by the European Commission in our contracts with parties that receive information outside the EEA. We also rely on European Commission adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable, for data transfers to countries outside the EEA.
You may reach our Data Protection Officer at DPO @ Glassdoor.com. 
Our main establishment for GDPR purposes is:
Glassdoor Hiring Solutions Ireland Ltd.
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay
Grand Canal Dock
Dublin 2, D02 R296 
Ireland
Privacy Shield Participation
Glassdoor has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Glassdoor certifies its compliance with Privacy Shield Framework. Glassdoor is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List at privacyshield.gov/list.
Glassdoor is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Glassdoor complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, Glassdoor is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Glassdoor may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website at privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
We may revise this Policy from time to time by posting an updated version on the Platform. The revised Policy will be effective immediately for unregistered users and users registering accounts or otherwise acknowledging the Policy on or after the revision date. For other users who registered accounts before the revision date, it will also become effective immediately. However, they can object to the new Policy within thirty (30) days after the revision date. If we make a change that we believe materially reduces your rights or increases your responsibilities, we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We may provide notice of changes in other circumstances as well. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Your continued use of the Platform is subject to the most current effective version of this Policy. If you object to the Policy after it becomes effective for you, you may no longer use the Platform. The prior version of the Policy can be found here.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Policy, please contact us here.
Glassdoor Inc.
Attn: Legal Department
100 Shoreline Highway
Mill Valley, CA 94941
USA
If you wish to submit a data rights request to access, correct, delete, export, rectify, update, or ask questions about your personal data, you may do so via our Privacy Requests Page.
You may reach our Data Protection Office at DPO @ Glassdoor.com.