( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://www.vz.net/agb )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used:

)

Data protection
Thank you for your interest in our network. Data protection is particularly important to us. With this data protection declaration we would like to inform you about the type, scope and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. We also want to inform you about your rights.
The processing of your personal data, such as your name, your address or your e-mail address, always takes place in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation and in accordance with the national data protection regulations. We only collect and use your personal data insofar as this is necessary to provide a functional website and our content and services. If the processing of the data is not permitted by legal regulations, your personal data will only be collected and used on the basis of your consent.
Subject of protection
The subject of protection is “personal data”, ie all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; A natural person is regarded as identifiable who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by means of assignment to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more special features that express the physical , physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of this natural person.
Responsible person
The person responsible for data processing within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation is:
VZ Networks GmbH
Reinhardtstrasse 47
10117 Berlin
E-Mail: vorzimmer@vznetworks.de
Website: www.vz.net
Data protection officer
You can contact our data protection officer at:
VZ Networks GmbH
Reinhardtstrasse 47
10117 Berlin
Germany
E-Mail: datenschutz@vznetworks.de
If you have any questions or suggestions about data protection, you can contact our data protection officer directly at any time.
Collection of general data
Our website collects various general data and information with each visit. These general data and information are stored in the server's log files. The (1) browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrer), (4) the sub-websites that are accessed via an accessing system on our website can be controlled, (5) the date and time of access to the website, (6) an internet protocol address (IP address),
When using this general data and information, we do not draw any conclusions about the person concerned. Rather, this information is required to correctly deliver the content of our website and to ensure the long-term functionality of our information technology systems and the technology of our website. The anonymously collected data and information are therefore evaluated statistically by the company on the one hand and also with the aim of increasing data protection and data security in our company. The anonymous data in the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
The processing of the data is justified on the basis of Art. 6 I lit.f) GDPR, because we have a legitimate interest in the proper and secure provision of our offer and your interests, rights and fundamental freedoms do not conflict with the processing. The data will not be passed on or used in any other way. However, we reserve the right to check the data retrospectively if there are concrete indications of an illegal act.
Registration on our website
You have the option of registering on this website by providing personal data. The purpose of registration is to offer you services that, due to the nature of things, can only be offered to registered users. Which personal data are transmitted to us can be seen from the respective input mask that is used for registration. Registered persons are free to change the personal data provided during registration at any time or to have them completely deleted from our database. The registration data you enter are collected and stored by us exclusively for internal use and for our own purposes.
When you register, your IP address, the date and time of registration are also saved. The storage of this data is necessary as this is the only way to prevent misuse of our services and, if necessary, to enable criminal offenses to be investigated. This data is generally not passed on to third parties unless there is a legal obligation to pass it on or it is used for criminal prosecution.
The data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 I lit. b) GDPR.
Data posted as part of the use of the offer
Our various offers offer you various options for posting content such as photos, interests, group memberships or other communications with a personal reference. You can use the “Privacy” menu item to decide which groups of people can see this content.
We use the data you voluntarily provide to present you with advertising and / or special offers and services that match your interests. However, we never provide our partners with your individual data, such as your name or your whereabouts, only general data (e.g. "woman, age 25-35, interest: football" or "man, age 20-25, group membership with Focus on cooking ”). The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 I lit.f) GDPR, as the processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of our company and your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms do not outweigh your interests. Our legitimate interest is based on that on the one hand we can tailor our website specifically to the needs of our customers and partners. You can object to the sending of personalized offers at any time. A corresponding email to our data protection officer is sufficient for this.
Contact option via the website
Due to legal regulations, our website contains information that enables quick electronic contact with us and direct communication with us. If you contact us, the personal data you have transmitted will be saved automatically. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis will be stored for the purposes of processing or contacting you. This personal data is not passed on to third parties. The data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 I lit. b) GDPR.
The data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 I lit. b) GDPR.
Use of cookies
We use so-called cookies on our website. These are small text files that are stored on your device. Some of the cookies we use are deleted again after the end of the browser session, i.e. after you close your browser (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your device and enable us or our partner companies to recognize your browser on your next visit (persistent cookies). The information contained in cookies is used to facilitate navigation and avoid, for example, having to re-enter all registration data each time you use the site. Cookies are also used to tailor our content to your personal interests. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and individually decide whether to accept them or to exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general. However, if cookies are not accepted, the functionality of our website may be restricted.
Insofar as the cookies are used for the proper delivery of our website, the legal basis for processing is Art. 6 I lit. b) GDPR. Otherwise, the processing is justified by Art. 6 I lit.f) GDPR, as the processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of our company and your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms do not outweigh your interests. Our legitimate interest is based on the fact that, on the one hand, we tailor our website specifically to the needs of our users and partners and, on the other hand, we can use web analysis to find out about usage behavior in relation to our website in order to continuously improve our offer.
Notifications and newsletters
We use your contact details to send you information that is related to the use of our services, such as an update of our terms of use. The legal basis for processing is Article 6 I lit. b) GDPR.
You also have the option of subscribing to various newsletters on our website. It will only be sent if you have given your consent. In this case, we will send a confirmation email using the double opt-in procedure to the email address you provided to us during registration. This confirmation email is used to check whether the addressee has actually authorized the receipt of the newsletter. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 I lit. a) GDPR.
When registering for the newsletter, we also save the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) of the computer system used by the person concerned at the time of registration, as well as the date and time of registration. The collection of this data is necessary in order to be able to trace the (possible) misuse of the e-mail address of a data subject at a later point in time and therefore serves as a legal safeguard for the person responsible for processing. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 I lit. f) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in being able to prove your registration for the newsletter.
The personal data collected when registering for the newsletter will only be used to send our newsletter. The personal data collected as part of the newsletter service will not be passed on to third parties. You can cancel your subscription to our newsletter at any time. The consent to the storage of personal data that you have given us for sending the newsletter can be revoked at any time. For the purpose of revoking your consent, there is a corresponding link in every newsletter that you have to click on. It is also possible to unsubscribe from the newsletter dispatch directly on our website at any time or to inform us of this in another way.
Newsletter tracking
Our newsletter contains so-called tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic that is embedded in e-mails to enable log file recording and log file analysis. This enables a statistical evaluation of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns to be carried out. Using the embedded tracking pixel, we can see if and when you opened an email and what content you accessed. We use the data collected in this way to optimize the dispatch of the newsletter and to better align the content of future newsletters with your interests. These personal data will not be passed on to third parties. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 I lit. f) GDPR.
Use of plugins
Our website uses so-called social plugins ("plugins") from the social network Facebook, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA ("Facebook"). The plugins are marked with a Facebook logo or the addition "Social plug-in from Facebook" or "Facebook social plugin". You can find an overview of the Facebook plugins and their appearance here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugin
When you call up a page that contains such a plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is transmitted directly from Facebook to your browser and integrated into the page. Through this integration, Facebook receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website, regardless of whether you have a Facebook profile or are currently logged into Facebook. This information (including the IP address) is sent directly from your browser to a Facebook server in the USA and stored there. If you are logged into Facebook, Facebook can immediately assign your visit to our website to your Facebook profile. If you interact with the plugins, this information is also transmitted directly to a Facebook server and stored there. The information will also be published on your Facebook profile and shown to your Facebook friends. The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook as well as your related rights and setting options to protect your privacy can be found in Facebook's data protection information athttps://www.facebook.com/policy.php .
We also use the Twitter plug-in from Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA on our website. If you are a member of Twitter, Twitter can assign the access to and interaction with content to your profile (see above). Twitter is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus offers a guarantee to comply with European data protection law ( https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TORzAAO&status=Active ). Data protection declaration: https://twitter.com/de/privacy , Opt-Out: https://twitter.com/personalization .
The data processing operations described are carried out in accordance with Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR on the basis of Facebook's legitimate interests in displaying personalized advertising in order to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website and to tailor the service to your needs. The use of the Facebook plug-in on our site is also justified by Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f) GDPR, as we have a legitimate interest in linking our offer to Facebook.
In contrast to our offer, as shown, it is possible for Facebook to assign the data collected via our website directly to your Facebook profile. If you want to prevent this, you have to log out of Facebook before visiting our website. You can object to the loading of the Facebook plugins and thus the data processing operations described above with add-ons for your browser for the future, e.g. with the script blocker "NoScript" ( https://noscript.net/ ).
Facebook Inc., based in the USA, is certified for the US-European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Ireland Ltd, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website. The information generated by the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by Google LLC on servers in the United States. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. This website uses Google Analytics exclusively with the extension "_anonymizeIp ()", which ensures anonymization of the IP address by shortening it and excludes direct personal reference. As a result of the extension, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google LLC. Server in the USA and shortened there. In these exceptional cases, this processing takes place in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in the statistical analysis of user behavior for optimization and marketing purposes. As a result of the extension, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google LLC. Server in the USA and shortened there. In these exceptional cases, this processing takes place in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in the statistical analysis of user behavior for optimization and marketing purposes. As a result of the extension, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google LLC. Server in the USA and shortened there. In these exceptional cases, this processing takes place in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in the statistical analysis of user behavior for optimization and marketing purposes. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google LLC. Server in the USA and shortened there. In these exceptional cases, this processing takes place in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in the statistical analysis of user behavior for optimization and marketing purposes. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google LLC. Server in the USA and shortened there. In these exceptional cases, this processing takes place in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in the statistical analysis of user behavior for optimization and marketing purposes.
You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser accordingly. In this case, however, you may not be able to use all the functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie (including the IP address) and from processing this data by installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: https://tools.google .com / dlpage / gaoptout
As an alternative to the browser plug-in or within browsers on mobile pages, you can use the following link to set an opt-out cookie that will prevent Google Analytics from collecting data on this website in the future (this opt-out cookie only works in this one Browser and only for this domain. If you delete your cookies in this browser, you have to click this link again): [ Deactivate Google Analytics ]
In the event of the transmission of personal data to Google LLC, based in the USA, Google has certified itself for the US-European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU. A current certificate can be viewed here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list. You can find more information on Google (Universal) Analytics here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2838718?hl=de&ref_topic=6010376
Google Maps
Our website uses the "Google Maps" service, a service provided by Google Ireland Ltd, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Google Maps is a web service for displaying interactive (land) maps in order to visually display geographic information.
When you call up those sub-pages in which the Google Maps map is integrated, information about your use of our website is transmitted to Google's servers and stored there. This can also lead to a transmission to the servers of Google LLC in the USA. This happens regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in to. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not want this, you have to log out before using our offer. Google saves your data as usage profiles and evaluates them. The collection, storage and evaluation are carried out in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR based on the legitimate interests of Google in the display of personalized advertising, market research and / or the needs-based design of Google websites. You can object to the creation of these user profiles by Google. In the event of the transmission of personal data to Google LLC, based in the USA, Google LLC has certified itself for the US-European data protection agreement “Privacy Shield”, which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU. A current certificate can be viewed here: You can object to the creation of these user profiles by Google. In the event of the transmission of personal data to Google LLC, based in the USA, Google LLC has certified itself for the US-European data protection agreement “Privacy Shield”, which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU. A current certificate can be viewed here: You can object to the creation of these user profiles by Google. In the event of the transmission of personal data to Google LLC, based in the USA, Google LLC has certified itself for the US-European data protection agreement “Privacy Shield”, which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU. A current certificate can be viewed here:https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
If you want to completely prevent the use of data by Google Maps, you can completely deactivate Google Maps by switching off the JavaScript application in your browser. You can find the terms of use for Google Maps at https://www.google.com/intl/de_US/help/terms_maps.html .
The use of Google Maps on our website is justified by Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to improve user comfort by providing map material.
DoubleClick
Our pages use DoubleClick, an online marketing tool from Google Ireland Ltd, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
DoubleClick transfers data to the DoubleClick server with every impression as well as with clicks or other activities. Each of these data transfers triggers a cookie request from your browser. If the browser accepts this request, DoubleClick places a cookie on your device (see above for the term "cookies"). The purpose of the cookie is to optimize and display advertising. The cookie is used, among other things, to place and display user-relevant advertising and to create reports on advertising campaigns or to improve them. The cookie also serves to prevent the same advertisement from being shown multiple times.
DoubleClick uses a cookie ID, which is necessary to carry out the technical process. The cookie ID is required, for example, to display an advertisement in a browser. The cookie ID also enables DoubleClick to record conversions. Conversions are recorded, for example, if a user has previously been shown a DoubleClick advertisement and then makes a purchase on the advertiser's website using the same internet browser. A DoubleClick cookie does not contain any personal data. A DoubleClick cookie can, however, contain additional campaign IDs. A campaign identifier is used to identify the campaigns with which the user has already been in contact. Each time you visit our site, the Internet browser on your device is automatically prompted by the respective DoubleClick component to transmit data to Google for the purpose of online advertising and billing of commissions. As part of this technical process, Google gains knowledge of data that Google also uses to create commission statements. Among other things, Google can understand that you have clicked on certain links on our website. You can prevent the setting of cookies by our website, as already shown above, at any time by means of a corresponding setting in the Internet browser used.
The processing takes place in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in the statistical analysis of user behavior for optimization and marketing purposes.
reCAPTCHA
To protect our input masks, we use "reCAPTCHA" from Google Ireland Ltd, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. The tool can distinguish whether an input is of human origin or whether it is improperly made through automated machine processing. For this purpose, the referrer URL, the IP address, the behavior of the website visitors, information about the operating system, browser and length of stay, cookies, display instructions and scripts, the input behavior of the user and mouse movements in the "reCAPTCHA" checkbox are transmitted to Google. The IP address will not be merged with other Google data, unless you are logged into Google at the time of using the “reCAPTCHA” plug-in.
The processing takes place in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest, which consists in preventing the improper use of our offer.
Google Web Fonts
For the uniform representation of fonts, we use so-called web fonts provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland (“Google”). When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into the browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly. This can also lead to the transmission of personal data to the servers of Google LLC. come in the US. This gives Google knowledge that our website has been accessed via your IP address.
The use of Google Web Fonts takes place in the interest of a uniform and appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer.
In the event that personal data is transmitted to Google LLC. based in the USA, Google LLC. certified for the US-European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU. A current certificate can be viewed here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
You can find more information about Google Web Fonts at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's privacy policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Google Tag Manager
We use the Google Tag Manager for our website. Via this of Google Ireland Ltd. (see above) marketers can manage website tags via an interface. The tool itself does not collect any personal data, but rather triggers other tags, which in turn may collect personal data. Google Tag Manager does not access this data. If a deactivation has been made at the domain or cookie level, this remains in effect for all tracking tags that are implemented with Google Tag Manager.
Further information on data protection can be found in Google's data protection declaration: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy .
Google Firebase
We use the "Google Firebase" service from Google Ireland Ltd. to analyze and categorize user groups and to display push notifications. (so). Firebase is a platform that offers various services for operating mobile and web applications. We use Firebase
to provide information in our app (including services database, storage, hosting, remote config),
for sending messages (cloud messaging services, notifications)
to improve our offer through error analyzes and statistical surveys (Crashlytics services, analytics)
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. It is our legitimate interest to use the service to optimize our offer.
You can find more information about Firebase at https://firebase.google.com/, the information on data protection at https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy , and also in Google's data protection declaration ( https: // policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de .
plista
We use the services of plista GmbH, Torstrasse 33, 10119 Berlin, on our website to be able to display individualized advertising. For this purpose, plista uses cookies on all websites of the plista partner network to collect information about the usage behavior of website visitors (so-called usage data) and combines this with a random identifier (so-called cookie ID) assigned by plista to form pseudonymous usage profiles. plista then compares similar profiles and in this way generates recommendations for content from our pages that may be of interest to you. You can find more information on this and on data protection at plista at https://www.plista.com/de/about/privacy/. You can deactivate individualized advertising via plista by choosing the opt-out option at https://www.plista.com/de/about/opt-out/ .
Tisoomi
To display advertising, this site works together with tisoomi-services (a service of tisoomi GmbH, Gänsemarkt 31, 20354 Hamburg). tisoomi uses so-called "cookies", text files which are saved on your computer and which enable an interest-based display of advertisements. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transmitted to a tisoomi server in Germany and stored there in a pseudonymised form. tisoomi will use this information to optimize the content of the display of advertising material and, if necessary, to compile reports for the website operator. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly. By using this website, you declare that you agree to the processing of the data collected by tisoomi and the previously described method of data processing for the stated purpose. You can object to the interest-based display of advertising by tisoomi at any time by using the 'opt-out' option on the following page:https://www.tisoomi-services.com/datasecurity
Separate opt-out link:
tisoomi GmbH, Gänsemarkt 31, 20354 Hamburg
https://www.tisoomi-services.com/datasecurity
The processing takes place in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest, which consists in the optimization of advertising.
Hotjar
On our side, we use the Hotjar service from Hotjar Ltd, Level 2, St Julians Business Center, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julians STJ 1000, Malta. With the help of Hotjar's technology, we get a better understanding of the experiences of our users (e.g. how much time users spend on which pages, which links they click, what they like and what not, etc.) and this helps us to optimize our offer. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect information about the behavior of our users (in particular IP address (is only recorded and stored in anonymised form) and location (country only)). Hotjar saves this information in a pseudonymised user profile. The information is neither used by Hotjar nor by us to identify individual users, nor is it merged with other data about individual users. Further information can be found in Hotjar's privacy policy:https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy
The legal basis is Article 6, Paragraph 1, Sentence 1, Letter f of the GDPR, because we have a legitimate interest in evaluating user behavior.
You can object to the storage of a user profile and information about your visit to our website by Hotjar and the setting of Hotjar tracking cookies on other websites via this link: https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out
Tubia
On our side the Tubia Video Player is integrated, which enables the playback of gaming videos. When you watch videos on the player, your IP address will be sent to the provider of Tubia in the Netherlands. You can find more information about data processing by Tubia on the Tubia website at https://www.tubia.com/ .
The legal basis for data processing is Article 6, Paragraph 1, Sentence 1, Letter f GDPR, because we have a legitimate interest in integrating the video player in order to improve the experience for our users.
Doodle
The Doodle service of Doodle AG, Werdstrasse 21, 8021 Zurich, is integrated on our site. The service enables group coordination of appointments. If you use Doodle on our site, the data you enter will be processed immediately by Doodle. You can find out how Doodle processes personal data in Doodle's privacy policy, available at https://doodle.com/de/datenschutzpolitik .
Giphy
Videos and GIFs from the provider Giphy Inc, 416 W. 13th Street., Suite 207, New York, NY 10014, USA, can be used on our site. If you use the provider's videos and GIFs, they will receive information that you are using our site and the corresponding images. You can find more information on data protection at Giphy at https://www.giphy.com/privacy .
The legal basis for data processing is Article 6, Paragraph 1, Sentence 1, Letter f GDPR, because we have a legitimate interest in the integration of videos and GIFs.
Matomo
We use the Matomo service on our site for analysis purposes. The data processed with Matomo (including your pseudonymized IP address) are processed exclusively on our servers. As part of the processing, pseudonymised usage profiles can be created and evaluated. Cookies may be used. The information generated by the cookie in the pseudonymous user profile is not used to identify you and it is not merged with personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym.
The legal basis for processing is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in analyzing the behavior of our users.
If you do not agree to the storage and evaluation of this data, you can object to the storage and use below at any time. In this case, a so-called opt-out cookie is stored in your browser, which means that Matomo does not collect any session data. Please note that the complete deletion of cookies means that the opt-out cookie will also be deleted and may have to be reactivated. Opt-out iFrame : [ deactivate Matomo ] "
Zendesk
To process customer inquiries via the contact form, we use the Zendesk ticket system, a customer service platform from Zendesk Inc., 989 Market Street # 300, San Francisco, CA 94102.
In order to process your inquiries, various personal data such as your name and your e-mail address, as well as other data that you enter in the contact form, are recorded and forwarded to Zendesk. We have concluded an order processing contract with Zendesk. Zendesk is certified under the EU-US "Privacy Shield" and thus fulfills the requirements for legally compliant order data processing. You can find more information on data processing by Zendesk in Zendesk's data protection declaration at http://www.zendesk.com/company/privacy .
The processing of the data entered in the contact form takes place on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR).
Storage duration / routine deletion and blocking of personal data
We process your personal data only for the period necessary or legally prescribed to achieve the storage purpose (legal retention period). The personal data is then routinely blocked or deleted in accordance with the statutory provisions
Right to information and confirmation
Upon request, we will inform you free of charge and as soon as possible whether and which personal data we have stored about you. We will also confirm to you on request whether certain data is being processed. We also provide information on the processing purposes, the categories of the processed data, the recipients or categories of recipients of the data, if possible the planned duration for which the data will be stored or, if this is not possible, the criteria for determining this duration, the existence of a right to correction or deletion of the personal data concerning you or to restriction of processing by us or a right to object to the processing, The existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority if the personal data are not collected from the data subject: All available information about the origin of the data, the existence of automated decision-making including profiling in accordance with Article 22 (1) and (4) GDPR and meaningful information about the the logic involved as well as the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject. You also have a right to information as to whether personal data has been transmitted to a third country or to an international organization. If this is the case, you also have the right
Right to rectification
You have the right to request the correction or completion of incorrect personal data concerning you.
Right of erasure
You have the right to demand that we delete the personal data concerning you immediately if one of the following reasons applies and if processing is not necessary:
The personal data were collected or otherwise processed for purposes for which they are no longer necessary.
You have revoked your consent, on which the processing was based in accordance with Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR or Article 9 (2) (a) GDPR, and there is no other legal basis for the processing.
You object to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 Paragraph 1 GDPR, and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing, or you object to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 Paragraph 2 GDPR.
The personal data was processed unlawfully.
The deletion of personal data is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation.
The personal data was collected in relation to the information society services offered in accordance with Art. 8 Para. 1 GDPR.
Right to restriction of processing
You dispute the correctness of the personal data for a period of time that enables us to check the correctness of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful, you refuse to delete the personal data and instead request that the use of the personal data be restricted.
We no longer need the personal data for the purposes of processing, but you need them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have filed an objection to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 Paragraph 1 GDPR and it has not yet been determined whether our legitimate reasons outweigh yours.
Right to data transfer
You have the right to receive the data you have provided in a structured, common and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transfer this data to another person responsible without hindrance from us, provided that the processing is based on the consent pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) GDPR or Art. 9 Para. 2 lit. a) GDPR or is based on a contract in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR and the processing is carried out using automated procedures. According to Art. 20 Paragraph 1 GDPR, you also have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from us to another person responsible,
Right to object
You have the right, for reasons that arise from your particular situation, to object at any time to the processing of personal data relating to you, which is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. e) or f) GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions. In the event of an objection, we will no longer process the personal data, unless we can prove compelling legitimate reasons for the processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
If we use the data for direct mail, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of such advertising. This also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with such direct advertising. If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, we will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
Right to withdraw consent under data protection law
You can revoke your consent to the processing of personal data at any time without giving reasons.
Assertion of rights
You can assert your rights directly to our data protection officer using the contact options provided.
No automated decision-making / profiling
We do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.

