( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://www.healthline.com/about/privacy-policy )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used:
http://www.healthline.com/
http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/
http://www.greatist.com/
http://www.psychcentral.com/
http://www.healthlinemedia.com/
https://www.healthline.com/advertising-policy
https://www.healthline.com/terms-of-use
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
http://www.healthline.com/
http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/
http://www.greatist.com/
https://www.healthline.com/www.psychcentral.com
https://www.healthline.com/www.healthlinemedia.com
https://www.scorecardresearch.com/preferences.aspx
https://sites.nielsen.com/legal/privacy-statement/exelate-privacy-policy/opt-in-opt-out/
https://optout.liveramp.com/opt_out
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://privacyportal-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/79ba7c84-ebc2-4740-8d11-bf1cc4501e59/ee428862-5b9b-4aeb-86ce-b1a739940be8.html
https://privacyportal-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/79ba7c84-ebc2-4740-8d11-bf1cc4501e59/ee428862-5b9b-4aeb-86ce-b1a739940be8.html
https://privacyportal-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/79ba7c84-ebc2-4740-8d11-bf1cc4501e59/ee428862-5b9b-4aeb-86ce-b1a739940be8.html
https://privacyportal-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/79ba7c84-ebc2-4740-8d11-bf1cc4501e59/ee428862-5b9b-4aeb-86ce-b1a739940be8.html
https://privacyportal-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/79ba7c84-ebc2-4740-8d11-bf1cc4501e59/6bfe1af7-9a77-4c12-900e-3b808accdb22.html
https://privacyportal-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/79ba7c84-ebc2-4740-8d11-bf1cc4501e59/ee428862-5b9b-4aeb-86ce-b1a739940be8.html
http://youronlinechoices.eu/
https://privacyportal-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/79ba7c84-ebc2-4740-8d11-bf1cc4501e59/ee428862-5b9b-4aeb-86ce-b1a739940be8.html
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
https://privacyportal-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/79ba7c84-ebc2-4740-8d11-bf1cc4501e59/ee428862-5b9b-4aeb-86ce-b1a739940be8.html
https://privacyportal-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/79ba7c84-ebc2-4740-8d11-bf1cc4501e59/ee428862-5b9b-4aeb-86ce-b1a739940be8.html
https://privacyportal-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/79ba7c84-ebc2-4740-8d11-bf1cc4501e59/ee428862-5b9b-4aeb-86ce-b1a739940be8.html
https://privacyportal-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/79ba7c84-ebc2-4740-8d11-bf1cc4501e59/ee428862-5b9b-4aeb-86ce-b1a739940be8.html
https://services.priv.gc.ca/q-s/allez-go/eng/fb408134-7bd4-48cb-87a2-4ac6210dee51
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?
https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/block-websites-storing-cookies-site-data-firefox
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4468242/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-microsoft-privacy
https://isapps.acxiom.com/optout/optout.aspx
https://extremereach.com/privacy-policy-adbridge/
https://www.amazon.com/adprefs
https://www.amobee.com/trust/consumer-opt-out/
https://www.scorecardresearch.com/preferences.aspx
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/disable-criteo-services-on-internet-browsers/
https://www.districtm.net/privacy-policy/
http://dvtemp.doubleverify.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
https://gumgum.com/opt-out
https://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/
https://integralads.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.iqvia.com/about-us/privacy
https://www.ccc-consumercarecenter.com/UCUInternationalPage?id=a075800002r1pxMAAQ
https://www.liveintent.com/ad-choices/
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
https://www.media.net/adchoices/
https://www.nativo.com/your-rights
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
https://sites.nielsen.com/legal/privacy-statement/exelate-privacy-policy/opt-in-opt-out/
https://datacloudoptout.oracle.com/optout
https://www.openx.com/legal/privacy-policy/
https://help.pinterest.com/en/article/personalized-ads-on-pinterest
https://www.px.com/privacy-policy/
http://rubiconproject.com/rubicon-project-yield-optimization-privacy-policy/
https://www.sailthru.com/legal/privacy-statement/
https://sendbird.com/privacy
https://policies.taboola.com/en/privacy-policy/#third-party-online-advertising
https://www.teads.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.thetradedesk.com/general/privacy
https://triplelift.com/consumer-opt-out/
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/us/en/verizonmedia/privacy/index.html
https://www.kbmg.com/about-us/privacy/
https://www.xandr.com/privacy/platform-privacy-policy/
https://www.yieldbot.com/platform-privacy-policy/
)

Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May 25, 2021
Thank you for visiting our Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to Healthline Media, Inc., a Red Ventures Company, and its subsidiaries (Healthline Media UK Ltd. and HL Greatist) (collectively "Healthline,” "we,” “us,” “our”). Healthline’s websites include www.healthline.com, www.medicalnewstoday.com, www.greatist.com, www.psychcentral.com, and www.healthlinemedia.com (collectively, the “Websites”). Healthline’s mobile applications include MS Healthline (formerly MS Buddy), Breast Cancer Healthline, IBD Healthline, Migraine Healthline, T2D Healthline, RA Healthline, and PsA Healthline (collectively, the “Apps”).  Collectively, the Websites, and Apps are referred to as the “Services.” 
We are committed to being your most trusted ally in your pursuit of health and well-being. Whether you're here to learn more about a health condition, research a medication or product, tap into one of our communities, or get tips for a healthier lifestyle, you're in the right place. 
By visiting and interacting with our Services, you may share certain information with us, as detailed below. We may share some of the information you provide to us between our websites and apps to provide you with the most relevant content and may use some of the information you share with us to serve you relevant advertising. (For further details on our advertising and sponsorship policy, click here).
We want to ensure you understand the information we collect, how we use it, how we share it, and how you can control your information. Please read our Privacy Policy in its entirety, and don't hesitate to reach out to us at privacy@healthline.com if you have any questions about our privacy practices.
Table of Contents
Introduction
What Types of Information Do We Collect?
How Do We Use Your Information?
How and When Do We Share or Disclose Your Information?
How Long Do We Retain Data?
Your Rights and Choice                                                                           
Your Security
Miscellaneous
Contact Us
California Addendum
EEA/UK Addendum
Australia Addendum
Canada Addendum
Cookies Policy
Introduction
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explains:
1.    The types of information collected by Healthline and its partners through the Services and the purposes for which we use it.
2.    How Healthline collects, stores, and shares your information.
3.    Your rights with respect to such information collection.
Any capitalized terms used, but not defined, in this Privacy Policy have the meanings provided in the Terms of Use or as defined by applicable data protection and privacy laws. 
What Types of Information Do We Collect? 
We receive information from or about you depending on the nature of your interaction with our Services. 
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with information in several ways, including:
•     Registering/signing up in the Services and using our Products. Your name, email address, physical address, birth date, gender, zip/city, marital status, other location information (when using specific products that are not available in all geographies), and health information (diagnosis, when you were diagnosed, what medications you're taking, or what type of care you're looking for). We also may collect information relating to the actions that you perform while logged into your account or that you provide when using a product, such as scheduling medical care. Accounts can be used for easy checkout, save your preferences, select areas of interest, and transaction history. The purpose for collection and use of this data is that we have a business need to provide account related functionalities to our users. 
•     Information you post on the Services. When available on the Services, we may collect Personal Information from you when you provide or post information to our Services, including your username, comments, likes, interests, status, pictures, and references to your online presence. We may use this information for our purposes and/or make this information available to others as you request.
•     Information you provide about others. Sometimes, you may provide information about others; for example, to refer a friend for a newsletter.  We may use this information to make our Services available to the people you refer.  
•     Feedback/support. If you provide us feedback or contact us for support, we may collect your name and email address, as well as any other content that you send to us, to reply. The purpose for collection and use of this data is that we have a business need to receive and act upon your feedback or issues. 
•     Mailing list. If you sign up for one of our mailing lists, we collect your email address and/or postal address. The purpose of collection and use of this data is that we have a business need to share information about our products or services. 
•      Lead Forms and Order Placement. We collect information when you use our lead and order forms on our Services. This may include your name, email, phone number, billing address, shipping address, and payment information (e.g., credit card number). In addition, these forms may ask for information specific to your request, such as car make and model for auto insurance, military service for secondary education, or other information requested by one of our business clients. The purpose of collection and use of this data is that we use your information to perform activities associated with a contract to provide you with products or services. 
•     Partner promotion. We collect information that you may choose to provide as part of a promotion with another company. The purpose of collection and use of this data is that we have a business need to fulfill our promotions. 
•     Surveys and Quizzes. When you participate in a survey and/or quiz, we collect information that you provide through the survey or quiz. If it is provided by a third-party service provider, the third party’s privacy policy also applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information. The purposes of collection and use of this data are that we have a business need to understand your opinions and collect information relevant to our organization, use your responses to personalize your onsite and email experiences, and, if you consent, use your responses to provide you with personalized advertising and partner offers. 
•     Sweepstakes or contests. When you choose to participate in a sweepstakes or contest, we collect information about you, which includes contact information to notify you if you are selected. The purpose of collection and use of this data is that we have a business need to operate the contest or sweepstakes. In some contexts, we are also required by law to collect information about those that enter our sweepstakes, and we have a business interest in complying with those laws.
•     Apps: The Apps in our Services may request to send you push notifications from time to time in order to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running. The Apps may also ask for your permission to access your camera and your photos. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, or if you've initially agreed for the application to access your camera and photos and you would like to stop the Apps from accessing them, you may turn them off at the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.
•     Employment-related data (directly from you). When you choose to apply for employment with Healthline, a Red Ventures Company, we collect information necessary to process your application or to retain you as an employee. This may include, among other things, your resume or CV, Social Security Number, and other information you provide during the application and recruitment process. The purpose of collection is to help us match you to open positions, facilitate the recruiting process, and perform our contract of employment or the anticipation of employment with you.
Information we collect about you
When you use our Services, we may automatically collect information, when:
•     E-mail interconnectivity. If you receive email from us, we may use tools to capture data related to when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases. The purpose for collection and use of this data is that we have a business need to understand how you interact with our communications to you and honoring your requests based on our communications, such as to unsubscribe. 
•     Mobile devices (such as phones, tablets, and other digital media streaming devices).We may collect information from your Mobile Device, such as unique identifying information broadcast from your device when visiting one of our Services. The purposes of collection and use of this data are that we have a business need to identify unique visitors and understand how users interact with us on their devices. 
•     Website interactions. We use technology to discover how you interact with our website (e.g., session replay). This may include which links you click on, or information that you type into our online forms. This may also include information about your device or browser. The purposes of collection and use of this data are that we have a business need to understand how you interact with our website to better improve it, and to understand your preferences and interests in order to select offerings that you might find most useful. We also have a business need to secure our Services and detect and prevent fraud. 
•     Location data. When you use certain of our Services, we may solicit your permission to collect your location data. Some features within our Services (such as location-based offers, such as a nearby medical office or pharmacy) may only function upon confirmation of your location, and therefore such features will not be available if you choose not to provide your location data. The specificity of the location data may depend on several factors, including the device you are using and how you are connected to the Internet. If you enable location services for our Services, we may collect location data periodically as you use or leave open our Services. Depending on the platform you use to access our Applications (e.g., Apple’s iOS, Google's Android) you may be able to control whether location data is collected from with the controls on your device.
•     Cookies, generally. We and our service providers operating on our behalf, and other businesses who collect information on our pages may automatically collect or receive certain information associated with you and/or your device(s) as part of your use of the Services through device-based tracking technologies such as cookies, pixels, tags, beacons, scripts or other similar tracking technology (collectively “Cookie”). The purposes for collection and use of this data is that we have a business need to make our website operate efficiently, provide you with different website experiences, and to provide you with ability to save your preferences such as login and preferred language. See our Cookie Policy for more information. 
•     Cookies, for advertising. Some of our Services participate in behavior-based advertising, which means that technology (e.g., a Cookie) is used to collect information about your use of our Services to provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests on our Services, or on other websites.  The purposes for collection and use of this data are that we have a business need to engage in behavior-based advertising and capture analytics on our Services. The information we collect may include geolocation data, such as (a) information that identifies the precise location of your mobile device (when you agree to allow an App or Service to collect this) and (b) your IP address, which may be used to estimate your approximate location. We use this information to ensure that the Services work properly, and to deliver customized content and advertising, including personalized ads, to you. See our Cookie Policy for more information. 
•     Cross-device tracking. We and our service providers may collect and store information about users’ interactions with unaffiliated websites and applications that use our technologies, including cookies and similar tracking technologies. This allows us to infer the presence of a common user or household behind multiple devices or browsers, for instance, and then link those browsers and devices into a device graph. The purposes for collection and use of this data are that we have a business need to understand our users’ use of our sites across devices in order to allow users to use our services on one device and pick up seamlessly where they left off on another device. We also have a business need to provide personalized advertising on each device that is inferred from the browsing patterns on all of the devices. 
•     Data analytics. We use certain web analytics services, including third-party services such as Google Analytics, to help us understand and analyze how visitors use our Services. We may collect information, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for visitors. The purpose for collection and use of this data is that we have a business need to monitor our networks and the visitors to our websites. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies on both an individual and aggregated basis. These analytics services, including third-party services such as Google Analytics, also use this information to place advertisements for our products on other websites that you visit after your use of the Site. These advertisements may be based on actions such as the pages you visited and actions you take during your use of the Site. For further information about how Google may use data it collects through the Site you may click here. You also may choose to install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on to opt out of Google Analytics data collection.  
Information we receive from other sources
•     Client information. We may collect contact information such as name, e-mail, address and/or phone number of our business clients and their employees with whom we may interact. The purposes for collection and use of this data is that we have a business need to make our website operate efficiently and to provide our business clients with ability to save preferences such as login and preferred language.
•     Financial information. We may collect information from credit reporting services when you use certain of our Services. We use the information as needed in the course of providing services you request, ongoing customer relationships, to service an account, and as permitted by state and federal law.
•     Demographic information. Personal Information such as your age, gender, family size, and/or educational level. The purpose for collection and use of this data is that we have a business need to customize content, advertising and learn about our audiences.
•     Activity and usage information. Including information about your interests, purchase behavior, and other navigation data, such as websites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on, used to customize content and advertising.
•     Publicly observed data. Such as activities on blogs, videos, and other online postings used to customize content and advertising.
•     Social media platforms and other third-party services. Some of our Services may include features that are designed to interact with social media platforms and other third-party services (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and loyalty programs). If you access the Services using one of these social media platforms or provide us access to third-party services, we may receive information about you from those third parties such as account and profile data and we may combine this data with information we already have about you.  For more information on the use of social platforms, please refer to the Social Features section below.
We may also collect information about you through interactive applications (e.g., mobile devices, third party social networking services, and embedded audio and video players), from co-branded partners and websites (e.g., on our Facebook pages), from our advertisers, and from commercially available sources (e.g., data aggregators and public databases). This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of third parties, including those that may disclose information to us.
•     Employment-related data. When you choose to apply for employment with Healthline, a Red Ventures Company, including information from a recruitment agency. The purpose of collection is to help us match you to open positions and facilitate the recruiting process.
In order to continue to provide the Services free of charge, we are supported by advertisers and other partners. As part of our advertising and partnerships, we work closely with third parties (for example, business partners, advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them. In those circumstances, the privacy policy of that third party will apply. 
How Do We Use Your Information?
We use personal information about you in connection with the following purposes:
•     To identify you when you engage with us and our Websites, Services, and Products.
•     To provide content and product recommendations based on your interactions and interests.
•     To make our Services available to you and to complete orders placed in our Services and with our Partners.
•     To process transactions associated with your use of Services for which there is a charge, including to process payments and verify your identity or payment information for your security and protection.
•     To communicate with you (e.g., about your account or updates to our terms) and to respond to inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests.
•     To deliver marketing and promotional materials related to our Services in accordance with applicable laws, including information relating to our products, services, sales, marketing research or promotions.
•     To provide you with personalized advertising on our Services based on your online activity. We use the information we have to improve our advertising systems so we can show you relevant interest-based advertising, measure the effectiveness and reach of advertisements and services, verify delivery and track performance of an advertising campaign, and ensure that an ad is only delivered when a real person is visiting the site and that the same users don’t see the same ads too frequently. You may update your preferences regarding personalized advertising by visiting the Cookie Settings link in the footer of each site to manage your settings.
•     To verify your entry into and eligibility to participate in contests, giveaways, or sweepstakes and inform you if you’ve won. If your entry information will be used for any other purposes, we will disclose that in the applicable rules governing that contest, giveaway, or sweepstakes.
•     To monitor, improve, and conduct analytics on our Services and advertiser product offerings.
•     For internal administrative purposes, such as safety and security of our Services, and to manage our relationships.
•     To permit you to participate in social sharing, including live social media feeds and to implement Social Features you choose to use.
•     The Apps in our Services may request to send you push notifications from time to time in order to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running. The Apps may also ask for your permission to access your camera and your photos. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, or if you've initially agreed for the application to access your camera and photos and you would like to stop the Apps from accessing them, you may turn them off at the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.
•     To detect security incidents, and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, including attempts to manipulate or violate our policies, procedures, and terms and conditions.
•     To comply with legal obligations, to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, and to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible misconduct.
•     For such other purposes not described in this Privacy Policy as you may consent (from time to time) and as otherwise permitted by law.
Although the sections above describe our primary purpose(s) in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose. 
For example, if you complete an online purchase, we may collect your information to perform our contract with you, but we also collect your information as we have a business need in maintaining your information after your transaction is complete so that we can quickly and easily respond to any questions about your order. As a result, our collection and processing of your information is based in different contexts upon your consent, our need to perform a contract, our obligations under law, and/or our legitimate business reasons.
How and When Do We Share Or Disclose Your Information?
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this policy, we may disclose your Personal Information in the following situations:
•     With the Healthline family of Websites and Apps, affiliates, and acquisitions. We may share your information with our Websites (www.healthline.com, www.medicalnewstoday.com, www.greatist.com, www.psychcentral.com, and www.healthlinemedia.com), and Apps (MS Healthline [formerly MS Buddy], Breast Cancer Healthline, IBD Healthline, Migraine Healthline, T2D Healthline, RA Healthline, and PsA Healthline) for purposes and uses consistent with this Privacy Policy. We also may share your Personal Information with our corporate affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control). If another company acquires, or plans to acquire, our company, business, or our assets, we will also share your Personal Information with that company using appropriate safeguards, including at the negotiation stage. 
•     Our business clients. When we collect information on behalf of our business clients, we share that information with those clients.
•     To enhance our Services. We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business activities such as ad technology providers, authentication services, email service providers, data analyzers, and business intelligence providers for the purpose of enhancing our products and services. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. 
•     Partner promotion. We may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third party partners. If you decide to enter a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion that is sponsored by and/or associated with a third-party partner, then the information that you provide will be shared with us and with them. Their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy.
•     Audience measurement services. We may share your Personal Information with audience measurement companies like Comscore and Nielsen that help us and other websites measure and understand the audiences that view our content.
•     Video viewing behavior. Consistent with applicable law, we may share your video viewing behavior with third parties including advertising companies, analytics partners, and social media sites.
•     Aggregated and anonymous information. We may share aggregated, anonymous information with any third party. This information is not linked to personal information that can identify you or another individual person.
•     Advertising. We may share certain data with Advertising platforms, such as Google and Social Networks such as Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn and Snapchat to allow us to target existing users and customers with highly relevant advertising campaigns. For the purposes of such campaigns. We may share a unique code (such as a hashed email address) with the applicable Advertising platform in order for that identifier to be matched against existing users of the relevant Advertising Platform and to identify potentially relevant audiences for targeted advertising. We use services such as Google Ads’ Customer Match, LinkedIn Matched Audiences, LiveRamp and Facebook Custom Audiences for these purposes.  
In addition to advertisements for our own goods and services, we may also facilitate third parties to advertise their own goods and services including by targeting those advertisements to those that might be most interested in them. These advertisements may be shown within our Services. In order to provide advertisements relevant to you, your IP address may be used, as well as your operating system and device type. Information about your particular device will be used to show you advertisements which work properly on that device. You may be able to adjust your preferences by visiting our Cookie Policy or below in the 'Your Choices' section of this policy. To opt-out of advertising on a person-based level from LiveRamp, please click here.
•     Public. Some of our Services may provide the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, in a public forum. If you decide to submit information on our Services, that information may be publicly available
•     Other persons or entities with your consent. With appropriate consent when required, certain Services may share your Personal Information with third party marketing partners, and they may contact you by email, telephone, postal mail or other common communication methods with marketing and promotional messages about their products or services. Sometimes we will give you the option to receive further communications from one of our advertising partners, for example when we run a competition with that advertiser. When you provide consent to receive communications from that third party advertiser, your personal information will be managed by that third party’s own privacy policy. In some cases, we may also ask if you would like us to share your information with other third parties that are not described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
•     Other disclosures without your consent. We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your information to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies.
Social Features
Some of our Services may include features that are designed to permit interactions that you initiate between our site and third-party websites or services, including third-party social networks (collectively, "Social Features"). For example, you may be able to "like" or "share" content from our Services  on other websites or services, such as Facebook/Instagram, Twitter, YouTube/Google, and LinkedIn. By choosing to like or share information from our Services through these services, you should review the privacy policy of that service.
If you use Social Features on our Services or access our Services from Social Features, both Healthline and the social media services that operate those Social Features may have access to certain information about you and your use of both our site and theirs. If you are a member of a social media site and logged in, the interfaces configured on our Services may allow the social media site to connect your site visit and browsing behavior to the personal data held on your social media site. We may use this information on an aggregate basis to place ads that are based on your interests on these social media sites. These practices are governed by the privacy statements of these social networking sites and you are advised to review these separately.
In addition, we may request your permission to a) access and collect information available from your social networking account; and b) post information to your friends on your behalf. When you connect your social networking service with your Red Ventures account, you authorize us to access certain information about you from your social networking service to provide content and services, including to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop rich online content and services across the Services. The information we may access from your social networking services is governed by the privacy policies and settings of those third-party services.
The information collected and stored by the social media sites remains subject to those sites’ privacy practices, including whether they continue to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on those third-party websites or services.
How Long Do We Retain Data?
We keep your Personal Information for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. These periods vary depending on the nature of the information and your interactions with us. 
When the purposes for which we processed your Personal Information have concluded, we will either permanently delete or destroy the relevant Personal Information or anonymize it, in a manner that ensures individuals are no longer identifiable.
Your Rights and Choice
You can make the following choices here regarding your Personal Information:
•     Access to your Personal Information. You may request access to your personal information that we collect on our own behalf. If required by law, upon request, we will grant you reasonable access to the Personal Information that we have about you. 
•     Changes to your Personal Information. We rely on you to update and correct your Personal Information. Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law. If our Website or App does not permit you to update or correct certain information, then contact us at the address described below. If we are processing your Personal Information on behalf of one of our clients, we will respond that we are operating as a Service Provider and are unable to act on your request. 
•     Deletion of your Personal Information. When we collect information on our own behalf, we typically retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. You may, however, request information about how long we keep a specific type of information, or request that we delete your Personal Information by contacting us at the address described below. If required by law we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in some situations we must keep your Personal Information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes. If we are processing your Personal Information on behalf of one of our clients, we will respond that we are operating as a Service Provider and are unable to act on your request. 
•     Objection to certain processing.   When we process information, you may object to our use of your Personal Information by contacting us at the address described below. For example, California residents may be entitled to object, or opt-out, of having their information sold to third parties. If you are a California resident and would like to opt-out of having your information sold, then please visit the following link: Do Not Sell My Personal Information. We do not discriminate against California consumers who exercise any of their rights described in this Policy.  
•     Revocation of consent. If you revoke your consent for the processing of Personal Information, then we may no longer be able to provide you services. In some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity. You may revoke consent to processing (where such processing is based upon consent) by contacting us at the address described below.
Note that, as required by law, in order to process your request, we will require you to prove your identity. Depending on your request, we will require, at minimum, you to provide your name, phone number, and email address. We may require additional information to verify your identity dependent upon the sensitivity of the personal information related to your request.
If you do not want to make requests for access, deletion, or Do-Not-Sell using our online form, you may call 877-336-3738. To get in touch with us about any other privacy requests, you may contact us at privacy@healthline.com or in writing at:
Healthline Media, Inc.
660 Third Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
Attn: Privacy Officer
You can also make the following choices regarding communications preferences:
•     Promotional emails. You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to deliver newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as targeted offers from third parties. You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in emails that you receive. If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service-related communications.
•     Promotional mailings. If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us you can remove yourself from our mailing lists by emailing us (our contact information is below) with "NO SNAIL MAIL" in the subject line along with your name, address, and zip code. Please note that our mailings are prepared in advance of their being sent. Although we will remove your name from our mailing list after receiving your request, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed.
•     Text messages and push notifications. If you receive a text message from us that contains promotional information you can opt-out of receiving future text messages by replying “STOP” or “UNSUBSCRIBE.” You control on your device whether you receive push notifications. 
•     Online tracking. We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions.
•     Cookies. You can review your settings by clicking the "cookie settings" link in the footer of most sites. Our Cookie Policy also provides more information on setting you control.
Your Security
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information. If we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your Personal Information, we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
Some of our Services permit you to create an account. When you do you will be prompted to create a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password or device, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you. You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
Miscellaneous
The following additional information relates to our privacy practices:
•     Transmission of information to other countries. As a multinational company, we may transmit information between and among our affiliates. As a result, your information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. We take steps to treat personal information using the laws of the country in which we first received your information.
For certain jurisdictions your Personal Information may be subject to the laws of the country to which it is transferred, and if permitted by law, may be accessible without notice to you by the courts, law enforcement and national security authorities of that country. By using and participating in any of our Services or providing us with your information, you acknowledge the collection, international transfer, storage, and processing of your information.
•     Third-party applications/websites. We do not control the privacy practices of websites or applications that we do not own. Users are encouraged to read the privacy policy of those properties to make an informed decision regarding use of them.
•     Changes to this Privacy Policy. We may change our privacy policy and practices over time. We will post a notice to our website to inform you of any material changes to our privacy policy and indicate when it was most recently updated. Generally, material policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. Our privacy policy includes an “effective” and “last updated” date. The effective date refers to the date that the current version took effect. The last updated date refers to the date that the current version was last substantively modified.
•     Collection of information from children. We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy and safety of children, and our website and services are directed towards a general audience and are not directed towards children. We do not knowingly collect information about children under the age of 13 or minors otherwise defined in local law or regulation without verifiable parental consent. If we learn that someone under 13 has provided personal information through one of our websites, we will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our databases.  Any information provided on behalf of a minor child will be treated as Personal Information as otherwise provided herein. 
Contact Us
Healthline Media, Inc.
660 Third Street, 2nd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94107
Telephone Number: (+1) 415-281-3100
Email address: privacy@healthline.com
California Addendum
California Civil Code 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are “sold” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” as those terms are defined under California law. You can find a list of the categories of information that we collect on our own behalf and how we share that information here. Please note that because this list is comprehensive it may refer to types of information that we share about people other than yourself. If you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing, please submit a written request to us using the information in the "Contact Information" section (above).
Note that while a category may be marked that does not necessarily mean that we have information in that category about you. The following chart only applies to information that we collect on our own behalf, and for our own purposes; it does not include information that we collect as a service provider to another company.
Category of Personal Information That We Collect	To Whom We Disclose Personal Information for Business Purpose	To Whom We Sell Personal Information
Identifiers: such as name, postal address, phone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol (IP) address, device ID, email address, account name, signature, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.   	Service Providers
Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law	None
Financial information: such as bank account number, credit or debit card number, or other financial information.	Service Providers
Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law	None
Commercial information: such as information about products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.          	Service Providers
Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law	None
Network activity data: internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.	Service Providers
Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law	None
Geolocation data: such as precise physical location.    	Service Providers
Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law	None
Electronic and sensory data: such as audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information (e.g., pictures, a recording of a customer service call, security video surveillance footage).       	Service Providers
Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law	None
Professional/employment information: such as occupation and professional references.	Service Providers
Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law	None
Inferences: drawn from any of the information listed above to create a profile.           	Service Providers
Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law	None 
EEA/UK Addendum
The following Addendum applies to users who reside in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and the United Kingdom, the provisions of which shall prevail over conflicting provisions in this Privacy Policy for EEA/UK residents only. 
Data controller
For the purposes of data protection law, the controller is Healthline Media UK Limited, which can be contacted at:
Data Protection Officer 
c/o Red Ventures, Healthline Media UK
The Cooperage, 5 Copper Row
London SE1 2LH
Email:  privacy@healthline.com
Addendum to types of information we collect
Generally, we collect information from people in the EEA/UK in a similar manner, and for similar legitimate business purposes, as described above in “What Types of Information Do We Collect?”
Our legal basis for processing
Our legal basis for processing your personal information will typically be one of the following:
•      Consent. You have actively consented for us to process data by completing a form on the site, or have indicated your consent with another affirmative act.
•      Legitimate interests. We have a Legitimate Interest in processing your personal data, and our reasons for it do not override your data protection rights. Our Legitimate Interests in processing your personal information are:
•   To ensure our Services meet the high standard of usability and security you would expect;
•   To help us identify areas for improvement;
•   To enable us to communicate effectively regarding our Services; and
•   To enable us to process candidate applications, contacts, queries, or complaints.
•      Legal obligation. It is necessary for us to process your personal information for us to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations.
•      Contractual obligation. It is necessary for us to process your personal information to perform the tasks associated with a contract to which you are a party, or to take steps at your request prior to you entering into a contract.
Your data rights
In addition to your rights of access and correction (rectification) described in “Your Rights” (above), EEA and UK residents have certain other rights defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Data Protection Act 2018. We will handle your request in accordance with the law. This means there may be legal reasons why we cannot fulfill all requests.
•      Consent withdrawal. You have the right to withdraw your consent in relation to our processing of your personal information based on your consent. 
•      You can unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any time using our email preferences page, or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link. 
•      If located in the United Kingdom or European Union, you can opt out of EDAA members online advertising networks and behavioral advertising through the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)'s consumer opt-out page here (http://youronlinechoices.eu/).
•      Erasure. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information in certain circumstances.
•      Restriction of processing. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
•      Object to processing. You have the right to object to the use or disclosures of your personal information.
•      Data portability. You have the right to request we transmit your personal information to you or another company in certain circumstances.
We process all requests in accordance with the law, and there may be legal reasons why we cannot fulfill all requests. To exercise these rights, please use our online form or contact us at privacy@healthline.com.
International transfer 
We operate in the United States and transfer, store, and process personal information outside of the EEA/UK, using applicable approved data transfer mechanisms (for example, the Standard Contractual Clauses) to ensure that your personal data is adequately safeguarded.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
With appropriate consent, we use cookies to help us collect, analyze, improve, secure, and market our Websites and Services, and to support functionality which enhances your browsing experience.
You can read more about how and why we use cookies in our Cookies Policy (below).
Facebook pages in the UK/EU/EEA. When you visit Healthline Facebook pages, Facebook records details collected in connection with your interactions with our content. For this processing, Healthline and Facebook Ireland act as joint controllers under the terms of this agreement.
Questions & concerns 
If you have any comments or questions, or are concerned about the way in which we have handled any privacy matter, you can contact us using the details below:
Data Protection Officer 
c/o Red Ventures, Healthline Media UK
The Cooperage, 5 Copper Row
London SE1 2LH
Email:  privacy@healthline.com
You also may contact us at:
Healthline Media Inc.
660 Third Street
San Francisco, CA 94107, USA
Attn: Privacy Officer
Email:  privacy@healthline.com
Complaints (UK)
We hope that we will be able to resolve any questions or concerns you have. However, you also have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing of your personal information with the Information Commissioner's Office, which is the Supervisory Authority in the UK. Contact details are as follows: https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or 0303 123 1113 or casework@ico.org.uk/.
Australia Addendum
The following applies to our visitors from Australia. We acknowledge that our related companies, parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates formed under the laws of Australia or otherwise operating in Australia (including, without limitation, the entities listed below) are subject to the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) as set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Privacy Act).  
These privacy laws place requirements on us to treat your personal information collected in line with those principles, including to disclose to you what personal information we collect about you and how we use it, to store your information securely and to allow you to exercise the following rights:  
•     Right of access to the personal information held about you; and 
•     Right of correction to correct your information when it is incorrect.  
These principles and rights are reflected throughout this privacy policy. 
To exercise these rights, either complete this form or contact us at privacy@healthline.com and referencing your Australian privacy rights. 
Third-party online advertising 
In Australia, the Australian Digital Advertising Alliance (“ADAA”) has developed the Australian Guideline for Third Party Online Behavioural Advertising. More information and an opt out page to manage online behavioral advertising preferences with ADAA member companies are available at https://www.youronlinechoices.com.au/.
Contact us  
If you need further assistance, please use this form or contact us at:  
Australian Privacy Rights 
c/o Healthline Media Inc.
660 Third Street
San Francisco, CA 94107, USA
Attn: Privacy Officer
Email:  privacy@healthline.com
Australian companies covered by this Privacy Policy
Red Ventures Interactive Pty Limited  
If you have contacted us privacy@healthline.com with a privacy related complaint and you are not satisfied with our handling of that complaint, you may refer that complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner: 
GPO BOX 5218, Sydney NSW 2001 
Telephone: 1300 363 992 
Email: enquiries@oaic.gov.au 
Canada Addendum
The following applies to our visitors from Canada. This Privacy Policy complies with the requirements of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA). Under Canadian law, you have a right to access any personal information we hold about you. You may ask us to access and/or correct your information by writing to us at the address below or by completing this form. Please note that we may require you to send us proof of your identity before providing you with access to your personal information. If you send us a request to access or correct information, then we will contact you within 30 days (although it may take us longer to fully respond to your request). 
Our general privacy policy makes clear that we may share information with third parties, such as co-branded partners and authorized third parties. However, we will only share your information with such parties where we have your express or implied consent to do so. If you object to our sharing your information with such parties, or if you do not wish to receive marketing communications (such as emails) from us or our third-party partners, then you may contact us to let us know your objection at any time. 
Contact us  
If you have any questions, or complaints, regarding the collection or use of your personal information or the content of this policy, or if you wish to withdraw your consent to us using your data, please use this form or contact us at:  
Canadian Privacy Rights 
c/o Healthline Media Inc.
660 Third Street
San Francisco, CA 94107, USA
Attn: Privacy Officer
Email:  privacy@healthline.com
If you are not satisfied with our response to your query or complaint, you may also contact the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Canada at this link.
Cookie Policy
Cookies on our services
When you use our Services, you may receive cookies or other similar technologies such as pixel tags (collectively, “Cookies”) from us and the third parties that collect information on our Services. 
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer when you visit a website. Tracking pixels (sometimes referred to as web beacons or clear GIFs) are tiny electronic tags with a unique identifier that are sometimes embedded in websites, online ads and/or email, and that are designed to provide usage information like ad impressions (how many times an ad is viewed) or clicks, to measure popularity of the Services and associated advertising, and to access information from user cookies. 
Cookies can be set by either us on the site that you visit (“first-party cookies”) or a third party involved in providing content, functionality, or services such as analytics or advertising for the site that you visit (“third-party cookies”).
We use cookies to determine that we give you a high-quality experience on our Services. 
We use session cookies that expire at the end of a browser session (from when a user opens the browser window to when they exit the browser) and persistent cookies that remain on your hard drive until you erase them or they expire. 
How long a persistent cookie remains on your browser depends on how long the visited website has programmed the cookie to last or they can be stored for longer. 
If you access our Services from your mobile device, we may collect unique user ID, cell phone model, operating system, and carrier. 
Gathering your information helps us ensure our website and other services work correctly and support our customer analytic efforts.
We also use cookies to show you advertising that is relevant to your interests. We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business activities such as ad technology providers, authentication services, email service providers, data analyzers, and business intelligence providers for the purpose of enhancing our products and services. These companies are authorized to use your information only as necessary to provide these services to us. 
We also may share information that has been “hashed” with certain third-party partners. “Hashed” information is information that has been converted to an anonymized string of characters in an effort to prevent third parties from unscrambling the anonymized string of characters to recover the underlying information. To opt out of our sharing of “hashed” information, please click here.
Categories of cookies used on our Services (except for UK and EEA):
1. Strictly Necessary cookies. These cookies enable you to use our Services. These cookies are essential to enable you to browse our Services and use certain features. Disabling them may prevent you from using certain parts of the Services. Without these cookies, services such as shopping activity and paying activity cannot be provided. These cookies also help keep our Services safe and secure.
2. Preference cookies. These cookies store information such as your preferred country and language selection, login data and website preferences. Without these cookies, our Services may not be able to remember certain choices you've previously made (such as a saved country / language preference) or personalize your browsing experience by providing you with relevant information. These cookies can also be used to recognize your device so that you do not have to provide the same information more than once.
3. Performance cookies. These cookies collect information about how you use our Services such as which pages you visit regularly. These cookies are used to provide you with a high-quality experience by doing things such as tracking page load, site response times, and error messages.
4. Targeting / Advertising cookies. These cookies gather information about your use of our Services so we may improve your experience and provide you with more relevant content and advertising. They are also used to gather feedback on customer satisfaction through surveys. They remember that you've visited our Services and help us understand usage of our Services. Some of these cookies are from third parties that collect information about users of our Services (as described below under "Information collected by third parties on our Services") in order to provide advertising (on our Services and elsewhere) based on users’ online activities (so-called "interest-based advertising") on our Services and elsewhere online. The third parties involved in interest-based advertising collect internet browsing information (e.g., websites visited, time of visit) across different websites and over time, and they may use the information they collect on our Services to provide you ads (from us and other companies) across the internet.
Categories of cookies used on our Services (in UK, EU, and EEA):
1. Store and/or access information on a device. Cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you.
2. Select basic ads. Ads can be shown to you based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, or your device type.
3. Create a personalised ads profile. A profile can be built about you and your interests to show you personalised ads that are relevant to you.
4. Select personalised ads. Personalised ads can be shown to you based on a profile about ads that are relevant to you.
5. Create a personalised content profile. A profile can be built about you and your interests to show you personalised content that is relevant to you.
6. Select personalised content. Personalised content can be shown to you based on a profile about you.
7. Measure ad performance. The performance and effectiveness of ads that you see or interact with can be measured.
8. Measure content performance. The performance and effectiveness of content that you see or interact with can be measured. be measured.
9. Apply market research to generate audience insights. Market research can be used to learn more about the audiences who visit sites/apps and view ads.
10. Develop and improve products. Your data can be used to improve existing systems and software, and to develop new products.
11. Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug. Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity, and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely.
12. Technically deliver ads or content. Your device can receive and send information that allows you to see and interact with ads and content
13. Match and combine offline data sources. Data from offline data sources can be combined with your online activity in support of one or more purposes.
14. Link different devices. Different devices can be determined as belonging to you or your household in support of one or more of purposes.
15. Receive and use automatically-sent device characteristics for identification. Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as IP address or browser type.
However, if you prefer, you can change your cookie settings. Some browsers have options that allow the visitor to control whether the browser will accept cookies, reject cookies, or notify the visitor each time a cookie is sent. You may elect to reject cookies by adjusting your settings, but doing so will limit the range of features available to you on our Services and other major websites that use cookies. Blocking cookies may prevent our Services from operating as expected and may also prevent your consent choices from being stored. That may mean that if you opt-out, then block cookies, we may not know about, or be able to honor, your opt-out. You should also be aware that blocking cookies on your computer will not affect your consent choices on a different device, such as a mobile device.
Our Services also occasionally use "local shared objects" (also known as "Flash cookies"). Like browser cookies, Flash cookies may be used for coordinating content delivery, website functionality, maintaining preferences, advertising, or analytics. Unlike browser cookies, "Flash cookies" are not stored in the browser. You may be able to manage these Flash cookies by visiting the Adobe website.
Browser Name	Instructions	Source
Google Chrome	Under Setting, select "Privacy and Security", click site settings and then cookies. Turn Allow sites to save and read cookie data on/off	https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?
Apple Safari  	Mac: Safari> Preferences, click "Privacy"
iOS: Settings> Safari, turn on "Block All Cookies"	https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265
Mozilla Firefox            	Preferences> Select "Privacy and Security" panel and go to "Cookies and Site Data" section.	https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/block-websites-storing-cookies-site-data-firefox
Microsoft Edge   	View Advanced Settings> "Privacy and Services" > "Cookies"	https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4468242/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-microsoft-privacy
Blocking cookies in your web browser may not prevent cross-site tracking of your online activity using other online tracking technologies. In addition to managing your cookie settings for your browser, you can opt-out of tracking directly with the businesses that operate the tracking technologies.
To opt-out of certain analytic tracking by our partners visit the links below:
Acxiom
Adbridg
Amazon
Amobee
ComScore
Criteo
DistrictM
DoubleVerify
Facebook
Google
GumGum
Index Exchange
Integral Ad Science (IAS)
IQVIA
J&J
LiveIntent
LiveRamp
Media.net
Nativo
Neustar
Nielsen
Oracle
OpenX
Pinterest
PX
Rubicon Project
Sailthru
SendBird
Taboola
Teads
The TradeDesk
TripleLift
Twitter
Verizon (Oath)
Wunderman
Xandr (AppNexus)
Yieldbot
To opt out of interest-based advertising across browsers and devices, please opt out through the Digital Advertising Alliance or National Advertising Institute websites, and you also opt out through the settings within the mobile app or your mobile device. Your opt-out choice may apply only to the browser or device you are using when you opt out, so you should opt out on each of your browsers and devices if you want to disable all cross-device linking for interest-based advertising. If you opt out, you will still receive ads but they may not be as relevant to you and your interests.
Framework	Homepage	List of Participants	Direct Link
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)	https://youradchoices.com	https://youradchoices.com/about	http://www.networkadvertising.org/
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Canada	https://youradchoices.ca	https://youradchoices.ca/en/participating-companies	http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=3&lang=en/
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Australia	http://youronlinechoices.com.au/	https://www.youronlinechoices.com.au/about-adaa/	http://youronlinechoices.com.au/opt-out
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) EU	http://youronlinechoices.eu/	 	 
Digitust	https://www.digitru.st	https://www.digitru.st/participating-companies/	https://www.digitru.st/about-this-notice/
NAI	http://www.networkadvertising.org/	https://www.networkadvertising.org/participating-networks/	http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/