( Date Accessed: 6/09/2021, From: https://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/le-figaro/politique-de-confidentialite-figaro )

( Embedded Hyperlinks Used:
http://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/cgu
http://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/infos-cookies
http://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/charte-de-moderation
http://www.lefigaro.fr/
http://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/infos-cookies
http://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/infos-cookies
https://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/le-figaro/politique-de-confidentialite-figaro#
https://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/le-figaro/politique-de-confidentialite-figaro#
http://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/mentions-legales
http://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/infos-cookies
http://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/infos-cookies%20http:/mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/infos-cookies
https://plus.lefigaro.fr/user
http://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/infos-cookies%20http:/mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/infos-cookies
http://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/charte-de-moderation
http://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/cgu
http://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/infos-cookies
http://plus.lefigaro.fr/newsletter
https://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/le-figaro/politique-de-confidentialite-figaro#
https://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/le-figaro/politique-de-confidentialite-figaro#
https://plus.lefigaro.fr/user
http://plus.lefigaro.fr/newsletter
http://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/infos-cookies%20http:/mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/infos-cookies
http://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/cgu
http://mentions-legales.lefigaro.fr/page/charte-de-moderation
https://faq.lefigaro.fr/hc/fr/requests/new
mailto:dpo@lefigaro.fr?subject=Vos%20donn%C3%A9es%20personnelles
)

Privacy Policy
The Société du Figaro respects your right to privacy. This confidentiality policy (as well as our General Conditions of Use , our Info cookies notice , the Comment moderation charter , as well as any document or information notice referring to this policy) informs you about the way in which data is processed. personal data collected through the website www.lefigaro.fr (hereinafter “ the Site ”), the lefigaro.fr application (hereinafter “ the Application ”), as well as the services offered through the Site or the Application, such as subscribing to our publications or subscribing to our information lists (hereinafter "the Services ”).
This policy does not concern processing implemented for editorial purposes by the editorial staff of the Société du Figaro.
To find out about our cookie policy, see the Cookie Info notice on this Site. If you want to directly configure your choices regarding the use of cookies on this site, please click ic i.
The Société du Figaro is a company of the Figaro Group to which also belong the publishing companies of the sites listed here as well as the companies Figaromédias (advertising agency), CCM Performance (performance marketing company) and Zebestof (trading desk).
This policy provides answers to the following questions:
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED IN THE CONTEXT OF THE SITE, THE APPLICATION AND THE USE OF THE SERVICES?
The use of the Site, the Application and the Services leads to the collection of directly personal data concerning you, such as that which you declare to us when using the Services or when you contact us.
Information on your activity on the Site, the Application and the use of the Services, including connection and navigation data, is also collected, without however allowing a user to be directly identified. They nevertheless make it possible to associate the data of the same user with each other, including those collected from the sites / applications of other entities of the Figaro Group or from the sites / applications of our commercial partners, regardless of the terminal used, and thereby produce user profiles for commercial targeting and advertising. For users with a Figaro account, the profile thus generated is associated with the user.
WHAT PEOPLE COLLECT DATA ABOUT YOU THROUGH THE SITE, THE APPLICATION OR THE SERVICES?
The collection and processing of personal data via the Site, the Application and for the purposes of the Services are carried out primarily under the responsibility of the Société du Figar o. However, certain functions of the Site, the Application or the use of certain services (such as display advertising, access to products and services offered on the Site or the Application by third parties, the use of links to third-party sites) involve the processing of information about you by third parties.
FOR WHAT REASONS DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA?
We collect personal data for the following main reasons: to facilitate the use of the Site, the Application and the Services, to manage interactions with users and to display advertising on this Site and / this Application and other sites / applications (such is the case with navigation data), manage our relations with our subscribers and more generally people with a Figaro account and provide them with the subscribed Services, send promotional offers to our subscribers and prospects who are most often personalized according to the centers of interest and their location
HOW LONG IS THIS INFORMATION KEPT?
In general, your personal data are kept in an active database for a period in accordance with legal provisions and / or proportional to the purposes for which they were collected.
WHO DO WE SHARE THIS INFORMATION WITH?
Your personal data is communicated to our service providers and subcontractors to the extent necessary for the management of the Site, the Application and the Services subscribed, it being understood that certain services may be provided by other entities of the Figaro Group. Subject to your consent when required, they may also be shared with other entities of the Figaro Group and our business partners, in order to enable us to provide you with promotional offers, including third parties, as well as to advertising purposes most often adapted to your areas of interest and / or your location.
WHAT IS THE LEGAL BASIS FOR THE DATA COLLECTION WE CARRY OUT?
We only collect personal data when we have a legal basis for doing so (contract, legitimate interest, consent, legal obligations).
HOW IS THE SECURITY OF MY PERSONAL DATA ENSURED?
We implement measures intended to ensure the security of the Site, the Application and the Services and thus protect your personal data against any access by unauthorized third parties.
ARE PERSONAL DATA TRANSFERRED OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN UNION?
We keep your Personal Data in the European Union. However, it is possible that the data that we collect when you use our Site, our Application or our Services may be transferred outside the European Union to countries whose applicable legislation on the protection of personal data differs from that applicable in France. In this case, we implement the guarantees provided by the applicable legislation on the protection of personal data in order to ensure an adequate level of protection of the transferred data.
HOW TO UNSUBSCRIBE FROM NEWSLETTERS, MANAGE COMMERCIAL COMMUNICATION AND PROSPECTING OPTIONS
You can unsubscribe from newsletters at any time and manage your options in terms of commercial prospecting.
WHAT CAN YOU DO IF YOU DON'T WANT TARGETED ADVERTISING?
You can withdraw your consent to the use of our business partners' technologies for targeted advertising at any time.
Please note, refusing targeted advertising only means that the advertisements displayed on this Site or on the areas of the Services will no longer be adapted to your areas of interest. This will not affect or prevent the display or receipt of other types of, non-targeted advertising.
HOW TO ACCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA? HOW TO CORRECT OR REMOVE THEM OR EXERCISE YOUR OTHER RIGHTS?
You have several rights (access, rectification, deletion, opposition and limitation, complaint, portability, etc.) in application of the applicable legislation on the protection of personal data allowing you to ensure control of the processing of your personal data.
HOW TO CONTACT US ?
Contacts at the bottom of the page
>> Find in the rest of this document the complete and exhaustive answers to the questions relating to our confidentiality policy.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED IN THE CONTEXT OF THE SITE, THE APPLICATION AND THE USE OF THE SERVICES?
We collect several types of personal data about you:
The data that you declare to us : this is the identification and contact information (such as your name, first name, your title, your email address, postal address, your telephone number, preferences, service subscribed, subject of the request when you write to us or contact one of our advisers, your login details, information relating to means of payment and / or bank details, etc.) that you provide to us when registering for one of our Services or when participating at our events or activities, or during your contacts with us.
Data generated as a result of your use of the Site, the Application and the Services when you are identified (such as your comments on our forums, your areas of interest, your options in terms of commercial prospecting, the frequency and intensity use of our services, your connections, etc.).
Data collected automatically on your browsing whether or not you are connected : this is information that is attached to your browser (such as your online activities on the Site or the Application, the pages viewed, etc.). This information is collected both when you are identified and when you have not identified yourself and are reconciled with each other, regardless of the terminal you use. This site uses tracking technologies from advertising network partners: to find out more, we invite you to consult our Cookie Info notice .
Geolocation data: when you are connected using the Application and you have activated the option, we collect information relating to your location in order to offer you products and services related to your geographical position . If you do not want us to make such use of your location data, you should deactivate the geolocation function in your terminal settings.
Data communicated by commercial partners or other companies of the Figaro Group : this is information communicated to us by commercial partners or other companies of the Figaro Group with whom you have been in contact and which you have authorized to share personal data concerning you with us for the purposes of commercial prospecting or advertising targeting. It can be socio-demographic data (such as your socio-professional category, your age group, your gender, etc.), contact data (such as your email address, etc.), profile data (such as your appetite for such and such a person). such product or service, your areas of interest ...)
Combination of data . Société du Figaro, as well as business partners including certain companies of the Figaro Group, may combine data obtained from all these sources with other data in their possession and produce profile data enabling advertising targeting to be carried out.
Call from our advisers . In addition, in the event of contact with one of our advisers, your conversations may be recorded in order to ensure the quality of the service.
WHAT PEOPLE COLLECT DATA ABOUT YOU THROUGH THE SITE, THE APPLICATION OR THE SERVICES?
Site, Application and Services of the Société du Figaro. Unless otherwise indicated, in its capacity as publisher of the Site and the Application, La Société du Figaro acts as data controller within the meaning of the legislation on the protection of personal data concerning the processing of personal data implemented. to ensure the functioning of the Site, the Application and the provision of the Services.
Advertisment display. However, certain processing operations useful for the display of advertising on the Site or the Application (for example advertisements or sponsored links) are implemented in whole or in part by commercial partners (who are responsible for the technologies used for the purposes of enabling the collection of data - such as identifiers contained in cookies associated with the pages visited), for advertising targeting purposes, including on other sites. We invite you to refer to this point on our cookies policy by consulting the Cookie Info notice of this Site.
Third party services and entertainment . Certain services or activities are offered as part of partnerships (such as the organization of a competition or an event). If in this context data is also collected by a third party, we will inform you of this when you register. In this case, it is also advisable before subscribing to the Services or participating in the activities to consult the policies of these third parties.
Links to other sites . The site may also contain links to other sites or services offered by third parties. This policy does not apply to those sites or services. In this case, we invite you to consult the personal data protection practices of these sites or third parties.
FOR WHAT REASONS DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA?
Navigation on the Site or the Application. In general, you can browse the Site or the Application without having to provide us with any data that identifies you. However, certain parts of the Site, the Application or certain paid content are only accessible to identified users who have created a user account .
In addition, free and open access to the contents of the Site, the Application and certain Services is financed by the income related to advertising disseminated on the areas of the Site, the Application or contained in the Services. In order to display advertisements of interest to you, the Site and the Application use advertising targeting technologies implemented by Société du Figaro or its business partners. To find out more about these technologies, we invite you to consult our Cookie Info notice .
Interactions with the Site, the Application and the Services. Société du Figaro is also required to collect personal data relating to users of the Site, the Application and the Services in the following cases and for the following purposes:
•	Creation of a user account, including account validation and security
•	Subscription to our newsletters, subscription and access to our publications
•	Management of our contacts with you in the context of questions, requests for technical assistance, complaints that you make, call of our advisers
•	Management of discussion forums on the Site, Application and moderation in accordance with our Comment moderation charter ,
•	Ensure the security of the Site, the Application and the Services.
•	Organization of conferences and events.
Management of Subscribed Services . We use the data we collect for the purposes of managing the subscribed Services and meeting our contractual obligations, ensuring their accounting and financial management (invoicing, monitoring of payments, processing of complaints and incidents, including management of collection. debt and litigation, etc.) under the conditions provided for in our General Conditions of Use .
Promotional offers . Subject to your consent when it is required, we use the data collected via the Site, the Application or the Services to ensure the management of commercial prospecting, to enable us to provide you with specific services and promotional offers, organize events, contests, surveys and studies
Advertising . Subject to your consent when required, we establish user profiles and advertising targeting to send you or display on the Site or Application offers tailored to your areas of interest and / or your geographical position or that we think you may be interested in, including using technology that places cookieson your terminal or in the emails we send you. Likewise, our commercial partners as well as the companies of the Figaro Group with an advertising activity (Figaromédias, Zebestof and / or CCM Performance) can also establish such profiles to send you or display sponsored links on the Site / Application, as well as only to send you or display such content on other sites. This is part of the enhancement of the Figaro Group's audience and databases, being reminded that no sharing of your data is carried out without your consent when it is required.
Statistics . We also use the data collected for research and statistical purposes.
Certain data is also kept to meet our legal obligations and ensure the defense of our interests in the event of litigation or legal action.
WHAT IS THE LEGAL BASIS FOR THE DATA COLLECTION WE CARRY OUT?
We only collect personal data when we have a legal basis to do so.
The personal data collections described above are carried out because they are:
1 - Necessary for the execution of the contracts that you have subscribed (user account, press subscriptions, etc.), and / or
2 - Necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interest, in particular to offer you suitable content, to carry out statistics, to protect the Site and the Application against unauthorized use.
3 - Necessary to be in compliance with our legal obligations.
Apart from these cases, it is also collected on the basis of your consent, for example when you fill out a contact form, when you post a comment on a forum or when such consent is required by law (for example to send you partner offers by email).
HOW LONG IS THIS INFORMATION KEPT?
In general, your personal data are kept in an active database for a period in accordance with legal provisions and / or proportional to the purposes for which they were collected.
The retention periods vary depending on whether we have an ongoing contractual relationship (you are an active customer), that we have had a contractual relationship with you in the past (you are an inactive customer) or that we have never had with you relationship of this type (you are then a prospect).
The data related to your browsing on our online services collected by cookies have, in all cases, a retention period which may not exceed thirteen (13) months.
The main retention periods are indicated below:
Categories
Purpose
Retention periods
Data relating to an active customer (print or digital subscription, purchase)
Customer account management
Throughout the duration of the contractual relationship
Data relating to an inactive customer (print or digital subscription, purchase)
Sending information about our publications and our offers
5 years after the end of the contract or the last contact from the inactive customer
(10 years for the name, first name and postal address)
Data relating to an inactive customer (registered newsletters or registered web account)
Sending information about our publications and our offers
3 years from the unsubscription or the last contact from the inactive customer
Data relating to a prospect
Constitution and management of a prospect file
3 years from the data collection or the last contact from the prospect
Data related to your browsing on our online services (cookies)
Operation and improvement of the site and services, Audience measurements. Personalization of content and targeted advertising
13 months maximum
Your personal data may be archived beyond the aforementioned periods to meet our legal obligations or for evidentiary purposes. After this period, they are deleted.
WHO DO WE SHARE THIS INFORMATION WITH?
As part of the use of the Services, some of your information is transmitted to our service providers and subcontractors intervening to provide the Service to the extent necessary for their intervention. Some of these services may be provided by other entities of the Figaro Group. Thus, your payment data is transmitted to our payment service providers and to the bank account-keeping establishments in the context of carrying out transactions related to your subscriptions.
Subject to your consent when required or except other options on your part, personal data concerning subscribers and holders of Figaro accounts (including identity, contact details, subscription history, areas of interest and user profile) , as well as those relating to the persons contacting us (identity, contact details, subject of the request and response provided), are shared between the entities of the Figaro Group for the purposes of centralized customer relationship management, study, analysis and segmentation, as well as for commercial prospecting purposes. Some of this information (such as your contact details, your areas of interest, your age or the socio-professional category to which you belong,
We are also led to share data concerning you with our external advisers in the event of a dispute, or with third parties, such as debt collection firms, responsible for the recovery of unpaid debts or with our service providers responsible for moderating discussion forums. present on the Site.
Data about you may also be shared in circumstances not described above with your consent or where we are required to do so by law. Thus, when you use the social buttons or when you connect to your account on the Site using the connection modules managed by these social networks, data relating to your identification are automatically communicated to these social networks.
In addition, the comments you choose to post on our forums are publicly accessible.
In the event that all or part of the activities of the Société du Figaro are sold, your Personal Data will be communicated to the purchaser in order to ensure the continuity of the Services and / or, except for other options on your part, for the purposes of business development.
HOW IS THE SECURITY OF MY PERSONAL DATA ENSURED?
Your personal data are protected by technical and organizational measures in accordance with French and European legal and regulatory requirements, ensuring their security and confidentiality.
In particular, the Société du Figaro uses protection technologies, such as encryption, authentication and fraud detection systems in order to protect your online account, as well as your payment transactions.
The Société du Figaro ensures, under the terms of written commitments, that its service providers present sufficient guarantees to ensure the protection of the personal data whose processing is entrusted to them.
ARE PERSONAL DATA TRANSFERRED OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN UNION? UNDER WHAT GUARANTEES?
We keep your Personal Data in the European Union. However, it is possible that the data we collect when you use our Site or our Services may be transferred outside the European Union to countries whose applicable personal data protection legislation differs from that applicable in France.
Such transfers are made with appropriate guarantees in accordance with the applicable regulations on the protection of personal data.
HOW TO UNSUBSCRIBE FROM NEWSLETTERS, MANAGE COMMERCIAL COMMUNICATION AND PROSPECTING OPTIONS
How to unsubscribe from newsletters?
After logging in with your login details, at the top right of your screen, click on My account , then on Newsletter and uncheck those you no longer wish to receive, and finally click on the VALIDATE button at the bottom of the page.
You can also unsubscribe by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in the newsletter.
What are my options in terms of commercial prospecting?
> Commercial prospecting. In accordance with applicable legislation and with your consent when required, we may use the data you provide us when creating your account or using the Services for commercial prospecting purposes (for example to contact you promotional offers, including from third parties, sending invitations to our events or any other communication that may be of interest to you). Subject to your consent when required, we may also share certain information with our business partners for marketing purposes.
If you do not want your data to be used in this way, simply contact us as described in the Contact us section .
> Promotional emails : You can withdraw your consent at any time by:
•	Unchecking the relevant box in your account (see the section How do I unsubscribe from newsletters? )
•	Clicking on the unsubscribe link inserted in each of our communications
•	By contacting us as described in the Contact Us section .
> Postal correspondence , you can object to it at any time by contacting us as described in the Contact us section .
WHAT CAN YOU DO IF YOU DON'T WANT TARGETED ADVERTISING?
You can withdraw your consent at any time to the use of technologies (cookies, tracers) allowing targeted advertising (for example to display on our Site, our Application or the site of third parties advertising adapted to your profile or that we consider likely of you) by setting your choices here . For more information, you can refer to our Info Cookie notice .
Please note, refusing targeted advertising only means that the advertisements displayed on this Site or on the areas of the Services will no longer be adapted to your areas of interest. This will not affect or prevent the display or receipt of other types of, non-targeted advertising.
HOW TO ACCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA? HOW TO CORRECT OR REMOVE THEM OR EXERCISE YOUR OTHER RIGHTS?
> Access and copy
You have the right to access and communicate your personal data.
Before responding to your request, we are required by law to verify your identity. We may ask you to provide us with more information in order to respond to your request. We will do our best to respond to your request as soon as possible.
If you have a Figaro account, you can directly access the data contained in your online account, the history of our comments on our forums, as well as your subscriptions: log in to your account
This access also allows you to correct, modify or delete your contact data.
If you cannot access your account or to access other data, contact us as indicated in the Contact Us section .
> Obtain correction of inaccurate personal data
You also have the possibility of requesting the correction of personal data concerning you which are incorrect and the limitation of their processing while they are being corrected. You also have the right, depending on the nature of the processing, to request that the personal data in our possession be completed. In this case, we may ask you for supporting documents.
If you cannot access your account or if the data you wish to correct cannot be corrected by accessing your account, contact us as indicated in the Contact us section .
> Withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data
When the processing of your personal data is based on your consent (such as, for example, registration for a newsletter, participation in a competition, registration for an event, the sending of electronic commercial solicitations for services and products other than those you have already subscribed to, the use of cookies and similar technologies on this site), you have the right at any time to withdraw your consent.
This right is exercised by modifying your options in terms of commercial prospecting and subscribing to your newsletters, as well as by withdrawing your consent to the placement of cookies in the manner mentioned in our Info cookies notice .
> Obtain the erasure of your personal data
You can also request the erasure of your personal data in the following cases:
•	You consider that our processing of your data concerning you is no longer necessary with regard to the Services subscribed or your use of the Site, or the achievement of the purposes referred to above in this policy or that their retention is contrary to the law
•	You have withdrawn your consent to the processing of your data (see above: Withdrawing your consent to the processing of your personal data)
•	You object to the processing of your personal data for reasons relating to your personal situation
•	You object to the use of your data for commercial prospecting purposes
•	Your data was collected online when you were a minor.
You can alternatively, within the limits provided by law, request the limitation of the processing of your personal data.
Please note that notwithstanding the exercise of your right to erasure or limitation, we may retain certain personal data concerning you when the law requires or authorizes it, when we have a legitimate reason to do so, for the exercise or defense of legal rights or when the exercise of this right infringes the right to freedom of expression and information. This is the case, for example, if we believe that you have violated our General Conditions of Use or our Comment moderation charter .
> Tell us about your post-mortem instructions
You also have the right to define guidelines relating to the fate of your Personal Data after your death.
Exercise your right to portability
You can, within the limits provided by law, exercise your right to portability allowing you to retrieve the personal data that you have communicated to us as part of the creation and management of your account and your subscriptions (e.g. email address , username, age, subscription list) in an interoperable format.
To exercise your right to portability, contact us as indicated in the Contact Us section below.
CONTACT US
For any question relating to this data protection policy or for any request relating to your personal data, you can contact us:
•	Online by sending an email to the following address: dpo@lefigaro.fr
•	By mail to the following address: Société du Figaro, Service DPO, 14, bd Haussmann, 75009 PARIS
You have the right to lodge any complaint with the CNIL concerning the processing of data concerning you.
Important : We may modify this policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices, to further clarify our practices or to ensure compliance with regulations.
